
 Thought it would be nice to have a thread to share those opinions we all have which, while somewhat trivial, aren't popular. You know the kind of things.
  PLEASE KEEP THIS THREAD COMPLIANT WITH THE FORUM RULES!!! You might well have an unpopular opinion which is political, discriminatory, or otherwise unfit for the forum, but to avoid ruining it for anybody else, please refrain from posting them here, thanks!
  I'll start with an example. I believe that ice cream is better if it is allowed to melt for a short time before eating.
 
 Milk is the best drink ever because it's basic so it goes with every single food
 Cats make better pets than dogs, unless you need a “working” animal, but then it’s more like an employee than a pet.
   On 9/13/2020 at 4:44 PM, BuckGup said:
Milk is the best drink ever because it's basic so it goes with every single food
Maybe if you're one of the weird mutants that is able to drink it past childhood...
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:12 PM, imreloadin said:
Maybe if you're one of the weird mutants that is able to drink it past childhood...
My roommate and I drink around 7 gallons of whole milk a week 
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:15 PM, BuckGup said:
My roommate and I drink around 7 gallons of whole milk a week 
Uhhhh...pretty sure that's not healthy
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:00 PM, atxcyclist said:
Cats make better pets than dogs, unless you need a “working” animal, but then it’s more like an employee than a pet.
You and I are gonna have some words.  
 This is me:

    Reveal hidden contents
 
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:18 PM, Rybo said:
You and I are gonna have some words.  
Well @atxcyclist is not alone, I can't stand dogs myself
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:20 PM, pythonmegapixel said:
Well @atxcyclist is not alone, I can't stand dogs myself
 I don’t see a difference in refresh rates/high FPS. I went from a $60 60hz 1080p monitor to a 32” 1440p 144hz monitor and the only change I’ve noticed is the insanely better image quality. I also have a 300hz screen on my laptop. I can tell no difference between them in terms of refresh rates and smoothness. 
Even using my old 60hz one again, the refresh rate is completely normal looking to me. Though I do notice tearing and stuttering on any of the screens.
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:22 PM, Benji said:
But in fact you're technically right as milk supposedly carries no beneficial properties and is not supposed to be consumed past infancy by every kind of mammal,
I never heard that before.
I seem to feel better when I drink it.
The milk tastes different from one brand to another to me which is not too surprising. 
What is weird though is that here where I live there is a big difference in the taste to me in the milk that comes from other states compared to milk from my home state of PA. Milk from PA tastes (richer) better and cleaner somehow to me.
  Just a couple of examples:
  I bought milk a couple of times that came from Texas and it was sour like it had goat piss in it.
So I bought it again a couple of months later to be sure. Just because I thought it was just a bad batch or something.
It was still horrible. 
  Milk from Maryland tastes watered down to me. In one particular brand from there it tastes so watered down that it is like white colored water to me.
  Milk to me is like wine to other people. It really matters what brand and where it comes from.
     
 The offensive f word is not fuck but rather family and friends.

Only a few of them are there for you when you need them but demand that you stop everything and help them. It can be IT Support, move a household, research an electronic device they want because they are clueless, use your car to pick someone up, ... Then they vanish again and the cycle restarts again...
  The credit belongs to Louis Rossmann who brought is more to my attention but I agree wholeheartedly.
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:17 PM, imreloadin said:
Uhhhh...pretty sure that's not healthy
#NeverBrokeABone
 future proof is actually a good thing (with moderation)
  strawberry in cheeseburger taste good, you taste the patty, then the sweet and slight sour of strawberry to cleanse pallate, then the patty again, it's amazing honestly.
i only found out because me and my friend joked about it but i tried it for real.
 Manual transmissions are not superior in any car that has a 5-speed automatic transmission or better unless you need a transmission that can handle gobs of torque, where something like a Tremec TR-6060 would be satisfactory in the same vein that those Mercedes 5-speed autos were used on their V12 cars for a long time. 
   On 9/13/2020 at 6:20 PM, Teddy07 said:
.The offensive f word is not fuck but rather family and friends.
Agree on that one, but i kinda varies from one family to another. It can be also applied to some "friends" and society if you think of it. The right thing to do first is to be strong by yourself, and then try to surround yourself by genuine people that love and care about you. That hit me hard ngl.
  On 9/13/2020 at 6:24 PM, BuckGup said:
#NeverBrokeABone
TBH drinking milk as an adult isn't harmful at all, especially when you take into consideration it's derivatives.
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:57 PM, Intergalacticbits said:
I never heard that before.
I seem to feel better when I drink it.
The milk tastes different from one brand to another to me which is not too surprising. 
What is weird though is that here where I live there is a big difference in the taste to me in the milk that comes from other states compared to milk from my home state of PA. Milk from PA tastes (richer) better and cleaner somehow to me.
  Expand  

"However, research undertaken by a team of Swedish scientists shows a link between milk consumption with increased mortality, bone fractures and osteoporosis." 

"It may be unfair to label milk as the sole culprit for bone weakening. Calcium loss from the bones has been linked to high intakes of all animal protein, not just milk. By the age of 80, vegetarians tend to have lost less bone mineral compared to omnivores.
  Research suggests that the more animal protein you eat, the higher your risk of hip fracture becomes. Cross-cultural studies show strong links between a high animal protein diet, bone degeneration, osteoporosis and the occurrence of hip fractures. In rural communities in China where most of the protein in the diet came from plant foods rather than animal foods, the fracture rate was one-fifth of that in the US.
  All baby mammals start off drinking milk. A mother’s milk contains all the vitamins, nutrients and antibodies to give a baby the best start in life. However, as baby mammals grow they become intolerant to the lactose in milk and once weaned they never drink it again. Humans are the only exception within the mammal population that is able to consume milk into adulthood (although even some of us have a normal and natural lactose intolerance).
  Also, each mammalian species has its own milk formula and cow’s milk is no exception.  For example, cow’s milk contains on average three times the amount of protein than human milk, which is perfect for a baby bovine but arguably not so good for humans who require a different composition of nutrients."
    As for the topic:

Mayo is better on fries than ketchup.
   On 9/13/2020 at 5:20 PM, Rybo said:
This is me:
You name it, I've forked it.  
Tommy Wiseau. Case closed. 
  Sauerkraut and relish are better toppings than ketchup for brats or hotdogs. 
   On 9/13/2020 at 6:32 PM, divito said:
Mayo is better on fries than ketchup.
You're definitely not the only one. Mayo is big in Quebec, and my South African partner puts mayo on fries, burgers, breaded fish... ketchup may be more of a regional preference than you think.
   On 9/13/2020 at 6:56 PM, Commodus said:
You're definitely not the only one. Mayo is big in Quebec, and my South African partner puts mayo on fries, burgers, breaded fish... ketchup may be more of a regional preference than you think.
Probably is more regional. I don't know very many people that don't utilize ketchup in some manner. I can eat it, but I don't like it or prefer it over not having it on there. But that brings me to another unpopular opinion I hold:

Outside of bacon, mayo, or cheese, condiments shouldn't be added to food. They detract from the actual food, and if your food needs condiments, then they aren't good enough.
   On 9/13/2020 at 6:20 PM, Teddy07 said:
snip
Reminds me of the Louis Rossmann "Homie Business" video and why doing business with friends and family can sometimes be a bad idea .
 60Hz is just fine 
   On 9/13/2020 at 7:03 PM, divito said:
Outside of bacon, mayo, or cheese, condiments shouldn't be added to food. They detract from the actual food, and if your food needs condiments, then they aren't good enough.
Now I disagree with your assertion that mayo is an exception to that. If I put mayo on salad, it's because the salad tastes bland.
  That said, I like condiments on most other foods - chips (Americans: read "fries"[*])  for example, even the best ones are better with either vinegar or ketchup (not both at the same time though; that's gross)
  [*] One thing not often mentioned is that the UK does have the concept of fries, which may well be an Americanism; they mean specifically very thin chips such as those served at McDonalds. Chips could mean anything from those right up to big chunky ones. But for us, "chunky fries" is self-contradictory.