
 I was playing a game on my PC, I went to do something on my second monitor and had issues. Both monitors turned off and the fans started to make a really loud noise. I turned the PC off and on again, but nothing was working. I have now replaced the PSU and the fans are lighting up and spinning, the RAM is lighting up as is my motherboard. The light on my GPU is on with the fans spinning, but the monitors are still not getting signal. I have taken out the CMOS and left it out for 2 minutes; I’ve reseated the RAM and GPU; I have tried to boot it with 1 RAM stick; 2 RAM sticks; I have replugged the DP wires at the back of both PC and Monitor. My monitors are fine as my PS5 is able to boot. I have tried to boot without my SSD plugged in also. When I turn it on, I get a cycle of an orange DRAM light, red CPU light, and then a white VGA light stays on and is soon followed by a green boot light. I built the PC Jan 2022 and my specs are: 
  Ryzen 5 3600
Asus Rog Strix b550-A
Corsair Dominator 4x 8GB 3600MHz CL18
NZXT Kraken Z63
Lian Li UNI SL120 x7
Lian Li UNI SL140 x2
Crucial P5 1TB M.2
Crucial MX500 2TB
Corsair SF-L 1000W (formerly Silverstone SX800)
Lian Li O11 Dynamic Mini
  Any help would be appreciated!
   2 hours ago, JayHayy said:
I was playing a game on my PC, I went to do something on my second monitor and had issues. Both monitors turned off and the fans started to make a really loud noise. I turned the PC off and on again, but nothing was working. I have now replaced the PSU and the fans are lighting up and spinning, the RAM is lighting up as is my motherboard. The light on my GPU is on with the fans spinning, but the monitors are still not getting signal. I have taken out the CMOS and left it out for 2 minutes; I’ve reseated the RAM and GPU; I have tried to boot it with 1 RAM stick; 2 RAM sticks; I have replugged the DP wires at the back of both PC and Monitor. My monitors are fine as my PS5 is able to boot. I have tried to boot without my SSD plugged in also. When I turn it on, I get a cycle of an orange DRAM light, red CPU light, and then a white VGA light stays on and is soon followed by a green boot light. I built the PC Jan 2022 and my specs are:
Expand  
Does the boot light or any of the other lights stay on? The cycling of the lights is normal as the computer is executing the "Power On Self Test", checking every important component for issues.
 
   39 minutes ago, DudeWhatTheN said:
Does the boot light or any of the other lights stay on? The cycling of the lights is normal as the computer is executing the "Power On Self Test", checking every important component for issues.
  So when I have just 2 sticks of RAM in (2nd and 4th slot) the VGA and boot light stay on, when I have all 4, the amber DRAM light stays on