
 I want to give some constructive feedback to LTTStore. I think it would be a good if LTTStore responded to feedback on third party websites, like Trustpilot (https://www.trustpilot.com/review/lttstore.com). If you look at some of these sites, the reviews are not very good, or at least very mixed. I don't like the fact that LMG only responds to feedback within their own garden (for example this forum and their product reviews on LTTStore). As consumers it is ALWAYS important to remember that no company is our friend, as Linus himself many times have said - and therefore I believe it would make LTTStore look better if they also acknowledged feedback from platforms they don't control. Just my personal feedback. Take it or leave it. Thank you for reading.
 tbh, trustpilot is complete review swill half of the time. it might theoretically make sense to respond on trustpilot... but that's staff time they could also spend handling tickets better (primary complaint over there), and experience shows me that trustpilot reviews often are exaggerated to some degree. 
  at least it's not as bad as google reviews, where i've seen everything from company owners rating themselves 5 stars, to 1 star reviews complaining about things that are factually inaccurate. (for example, supposed acts of violence from a waiter of a michelin star restaurant.)
 We're definitely open to feedback on where we can perform more outreach. That said, I would like to point out that we do respond to feedback on more outlets than just our own. For example, our team has a dedicated reddit profile and I have also been known to respond to feedback on my personal Twitter account. Generally speaking we focus our efforts wherever they're going to get the most eyeballs.
  To take Trustpilot as an example, I see that there are currently 42 reviews total on that page (none of which are verified), whereas just for comparison our store's review system has a total of 856 product reviews just in the last 30 days (all of which are from verified purchasers). Additionally, I can't help but point out that a number of the negative reviews on Trustpilot get basic facts about our store wrong (such as advertised shipping speeds, etc.), which suggests that many of the experiences shown there could be false or misrepresentative of the experience that the author actually had. It's an open question as to whether it's worth our staff's time to respond to those.
  The plus sides are obvious of course; more transparency is good (and something we're always supportive of) and if we did respond on there, the legitimacy of the reviews posted there would inherently increase.
  TLDR: Not imminently planned but not off the table. If there are others on here who feel strongly about this feel free to sound off.