
 Got my 4090 Suprim X about a week ago and used it very little - mostly on Baldur's Gate 3 - but today I noticed a strange rattling sound coming from one of the fans that I can only describe as sounding like.. crickets ? It's hard to describe so here's a video. Is it a faulty unit ?
  https://youtube.com/shorts/TTgJDpoVJ8Y
  Don't really know why this is happening, the first clips are just the rattling/weird crickets sound and the final clip shows a "metallic" sound on top of it when I manually ramp the fans up and down.
It doesn't seem like much in the video but since my case in right next to me it's pretty noticeable and it gets in your head quickly.
  Let me know what you guys think, thanks !
 That's coil whine. It's perfectly normal for most cards, especially high power ones like the 4090, and there isn't really anything you can do to lower it other than just lowering the power limit. 
 I can assure you it's definitely coming from the fan, I used Fan Control to make sure of it by isolating each fan and see which one was making this noise.
My card does have a lot of coil whine under load and it sounds very different (high pitch/electrical), however this particular rattling noise sounds like a bearing issue more than anything but can't say for sure what's causing it.. Also, all these clips were taken at idle state so 0% load on the GPU. And yes you're right, lowering the PL to 80% does help with coil whine but it's not the issue here unfortunately. 
 I increased the volume on my speakers. It got pretty loud. But I couldn't find any rattling in there. Nothing stands out.
But that white connector isn't correctly plugged in.
 Really ? I don't know it's pretty noticeable to me on the video (and IRL), especially on the second clip under the GPU. Maybe it's because I have earphones. It's like a subtle truck engine sound or something.
    Quote
But that white connector isn't correctly plugged in.
I pushed it all the way in making sure multiple times it was fully inserted (I'm paranoid as f with these things as you can imagine) but the design of this cable makes it seem like it's not, you can see a little bit of the sense pins shroud on the top but I'm positive it's completely in and as far as it can physically go.
 