
 Sorry for the video editing skills they are non-existent this is a recording of a problem I've been having with my graphics card I've had two separate cards ( but both the same make a model )both doing exactly the same thing, both cards are MSI 4090. any idea way two card are doing this ? and never in game that i can see only really when web surfing
2023-09-10 09-04-16.mkv
Unavailable
   9 hours ago, joey117 said:
Sorry for the video editing skills they are non-existent this is a recording of a problem I've been having with my graphics card I've had two separate cards ( but both the same make a model )both doing exactly the same thing, both cards are MSI 4090. any idea way two card are doing this ? and never in game that i can see only really when web surfing
2023-09-10 09-04-16.mkv 2.04 MB · 1 download
Expand  
try updating your gpu driver and doing a DDU of your old ones
 DDU ?
  and this as been happening though 4 or 5 driver updates 
   9 hours ago, joey117 said:
nd this as been happening though 4 or 5 driver updates 
Was it working well prior? Try doing some windows updates
    9 hours ago, joey117 said:
DDU ?
Display driver uninstall
follow this video 
And installation link for DDU - Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 18.0.6.7 (guru3d.com)
 the problem is completely random it Could Happen once a day or once a week but you can have days it happens once evey minute. also I don't believe it's got anything to do with Windows update because it is happening through multiple Windows update Cycles and it's been going on for a minimum of six months
   8 hours ago, joey117 said:
the problem is completely random it Could Happen once a day or once a week but you can have days it happens once evey minute. also I don't believe it's got anything to do with Windows update because it is happening through multiple Windows update Cycles and it's been going on for a minimum of six months
Is this only while watching videos?
  Could you try swapping out the cable for a different one (but if you don't have another one then don't buy another one)
 
 I'm more than happy to buy another cable, you are also correct it only happens on One monitor now you've said that i have not seen it on my only monitors
   8 hours ago, joey117 said:
I'm more than happy to buy another cable, you are also correct it only happens on One monitor now you've said that i have not seen it on my only monitors
Has it not happened on your first/second monitor at all? It might be the monitor then. How old is that monitor (which is supposedly broken)
 2 years old it is a lg27gl850-B
 I think the best option is to buy a new cable at tested and if it's still has the problem switch one of my other 27 and test again 
 From the Nvidia forums, driver version 537.13 feedback, list of open issues: Small checkerboard like pattern may randomly appear in Chromium based applications [3992875].
  I have an Asus RTX3080 and noticed this issue only after an Edge update this week but apparently the issue has been prevalent over several driver releases.
Some people see it often in general browser use (especially when scrolling, videos viewed in the browser (random black squares) & occasionally in desktop use (Explorer windows etc, opening menus).
Using DDU to revert to driver version 536.99 solved the issue for me but others have had to revert to even earlier versions to solve it.
It depends on your setup and software version I suppose as to which driver causes the issues and it makes it very hard to distinguish between a driver issue and a hardware issue.
 thanks you this reply i was worry it was the card 