Post Content
 I had AAA Energizers in my remotes that were old (old as in used not manufacturing date), I thought of keeping them aside if any inexpensive device like my flashlight needed them. I tried to use them after 6months or so and I see that they have leaked juice from the negative terminal. One thing to note is that their wrappers had turned whitish at the negative terminal when I removed them from the remote 6months back. Checked my other 2x AC Remotes and TV Remotes with AAA and all of the batteries had started to leak. Even my Bluetooth Mouse with AA Max was also greasy at the Negative end. The outside foil had turned white in some places.As per my observation, Energizer/Alkaline batteries itself are not suited for low power draw devices like Remotes, Bluetooth/wireless mice, Always on Gamepads like Xbox (as per reddit).How I came to the conclusion, the batteries stored in package didn't leak, nor did the one's in my Logitech gamepad (gamepad turns off when not used for sometime).But the batteries in low draw devices like AC remote, TV Remote and Lenovo BT Mouse all started to get greasy at the negative terminal. All of the batteries had 1.40V+ in them. Heck even the battery wrapper went white in some places.So in total 10x AAA from my Remotes and Fingertip Oximeter and 1x AA from my Lenovo BT Mouse Leaked. [Keep in mind that the leak was not complete rupture of seal but rather the negative terminal becoming greasy slightly swollen (in case of the AAA) and wet]. I am quite fortunate enough to have caught it in time and save all my remotes and mice.Since then I moved my remotes with IR led to Zinc Carbon Eveready and the LG Magic Remote to Panasonic Evolta as it doesn't work without Alkaline Batteries.This is how many batteries I threw away just in time. Image is of my garden bin so is Dirty AF. Don't open image if you are nauseous/allergic to images of dirt and all.  Reveal hidden contentsSorry for the long essay and improper grammar if any. If this is wrong section then I will request admins to move it rather than delete it

 COMMENT_BREAK tbh I just use ultimate lithium batteries, they last a lot longer and this won't happen

 COMMENT_BREAK eevblog did a few videos on the topic of alkalines leaking.  i generally just use my worn out rechargeables for remotes, and where i use alkalines i use propper duracells (not their budget coppertops.. for as bad of a product segmentation that is to have your worst and best product look identical..) and i dont really have to deal with leaks because of that.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/11/2023 at 9:12 PM, JeffreyLF said:tbh I just use ultimate lithium batteries, they last a lot longer and this won't happenLithium is good but their cost racks up quite a bit as the price for a 4pack is double of the 6pack alkaline.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/11/2023 at 9:25 PM, manikyath said:eevblog did a few videos on the topic of alkalines leaking.  i generally just use my worn out rechargeables for remotes, and where i use alkalines i use propper duracells (not their budget coppertops.. for as bad of a product segmentation that is to have your worst and best product look identical..) and i dont really have to deal with leaks because of that.Yes, saw his videos. He apparently had 3-4 energizers leak on him. Ni-Mh won't work for me as their voltage is too low for my Magic remote which starts to freak out below 1.3V. Energizer Max was supposed to be a better alternative to Duracell Duralock but it seems as if they are the same now.I have opened a new AA pack from 2023, I hope that this one doesn't leak.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/11/2023 at 10:21 PM, Techreprise said:Ni-Mh won't work for me as their voltage is too low for my Magic remote which starts to freak out below 1.3V. if you're up for some tiny component tinkering, look into a small li-ion cell with a linear voltage regulator.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/11/2023 at 10:23 PM, manikyath said:if you're up for some tiny component tinkering, look into a small li-ion cell with a linear voltage regulator.I have seen some usb rechargeable AA Li-Ion AA 1.5V cells. Don't know if those will be reliable or not.

 COMMENT_BREAK  I finally bit the bullet and bought Ni-Mh batteries.I ordered the Ikea Ladda 2450Mah MIJ with the Stenkol Charger.   Is it advised to use the Ni-Mh in Magic remotes from LG?And how likely is it that Ni-mH batteries will leak? Previously I had Ni-mH Sony batteries in my cordless phone and they died suddenly one day but didn't leak. This was nearly 10-12 years back when wired telephone was a thing.

 COMMENT_BREAK Pretty sure we have had the older lower capacity brown ladda in our lg remote.  No issues

 COMMENT_BREAK My very first post on this forum: (make sure you read to the end)   

 COMMENT_BREAK

