
 I started to using my old workstation for do some linux distro hopping and testing, as well using it in my homelab workbench as "internet appliances" for reading component schematics etc. First I notice some weird behavior,  when I load resource-intensive program, the system started to slow down, and when I check the device manager, only some CPU cores show up (pictures below), sometimes it's only single core with HT, sometimes is 4 cores with no HT and so on randomly. I running it on stock BIOS config.
  The funny thing is, every time it's restart (AKA Warm boot), the problem is gone, and while I typed this thread, the PC is normally detect all my CPU cores on cold boot. I not really asking for a solution, just curious why this happened, probably my motherboard is dying? I believe if this a CPU problem the system won't boot at all (correct me if I'm wrong). All the CPU sockets and contact pads are clean when the first time I crack it open to diagnose the problem. oh yeah also my PC specs is on my signature, under "workstation - Retired" section.
    Reveal hidden contents
 
 Main thing I can think of is this is some sort of BIOS bug, as there are some I'm aware of that are only present on cold boots (I.E. The 1.55GHz bug on 1st gen Ryzen). Try updating/ref lashing the BIOS of that board to see if the problem goes away. 
  This is a really strange problem. It's it scoring how you'd expect it to after a cold boot? As in is it just reporting core counts wrong or is behaving like it is actually only a 5 core 9 thread CPU? 
   31 minutes ago, RONOTHAN## said:
Main thing I can think of is this is some sort of BIOS bug, as there are some I'm aware of that are only present on cold boots (I.E. The 1.55GHz bug on 1st gen Ryzen). Try updating/ref lashing the BIOS of that board to see if the problem goes away. 
  This is a really strange problem. It's it scoring how you'd expect it to after a cold boot? As in is it just reporting core counts wrong or is behaving like it is actually only a 5 core 9 thread CPU? 
Expand  
Like I mentioned in my first post, it's exactly behaving like you have that amount of reported CPU cores, heavier program felt sluggish, but when more cores detected (like  4c 8t), it's barely noticeable until I running some 3D games like GTA V etc.
    31 minutes ago, RONOTHAN## said:
Try updating/ref lashing the BIOS of that board to see if the problem goes away. 
As you can see yourself, my motherboard (as well as my platform) is long dead on support. it's X99. last BIOS update on this motherboard is A14 released back in September 3rd 2018. It does have some known infamous bug, which is Alienware command center will cause bluescreen if the motherboard is running more than 16GB of RAM, never get fixed, which is hilarious because this motherboard is intended for enthusiast and workstation use case, and can support 128GB of standard DDR4 DIMM or 256GB ECC RDIMM when running Xeon CPU.
   23 minutes ago, TimedPing said:
my motherboard (as well as my platform) is long dead on support.
I know, BIOS corruption is still something that can happen and it's worth trying to see if flashing the BIOS again can fix the issue. 
   18 minutes ago, RONOTHAN## said:
I know, BIOS corruption is still something that can happen and it's worth trying to see if flashing the BIOS again can fix the issue. 
Good info. I tried to do it, first time using standard windows flash utilities provided by Dell, and later directly using SPI programmer, both result the same. Well I guess I have to accept the fact that I should retire this rig completely
 Wow, that's a new one.
  What does Device Manager show you for core count? Just because it knows the CPU name does not mean it will automatically display the correct number of cores.
  The BIOS does have a setting to artificially limit the number of cores but this should not act like this at random.
  I would suggest getting some thermal paste (if you don't have any) and re-seating the CPU(s) if you haven't tried that. Beyond that it sounds like a motherboard problem.
  I trying other things, run a BIOS update, and try re-installing Windows if not all too inconvenient. If the problem persists I would blame the motherboard before the CPU.