Post Content
 Let's start a new forum where we talk all things Star Wars, including our interests in Star Wars games, literature, and films. The sky's the limit. Lets shoot away  MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU!!!!!

 COMMENT_BREAK LLAP. 

 COMMENT_BREAK With the exception of Rogue One i never watched any of the newer movies after episodes 1-6. From what i hear about them, it doesn't seem like i missed out a lot. My favourite movie is Episode 3: Revenge of the Sith. I grew up playing the original Star Wars Battlefront game on PlayStation 2 and the sequel Star Wars Battlefront 2 was one of my favourite games of all time. It's also the first game that introduced me to playing online against other players. Star Wars Empire at War and it's expansion Forces of Corruption are also top-tier games on their own, but the mods like Republic at War or Steiners Mod take it to a whole other level.  TL;DR: The older movies are good but (imo) nothing groundbreaking. The games i mentioned still count as one of my favourite games of all time.Sadly newer entries in the franchise haven't been nearly as good.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/7/2023 at 8:54 AM, Needfuldoer said:LLAP. Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra.  I prefer both to be honest. While I am waiting for Ahsoka episodes to come out I watch TNG and Voyager.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/7/2023 at 9:09 AM, Stahlmann said:With the exception of Rogue One i never watched any of the newer movies after episodes 1-6. From what i hear about them, it doesn't seem like i missed out a lot. My favourite movie is Episode 3: Revenge of the Sith. I grew up playing the original Star Wars Battlefront game on PlayStation 2 and the sequel Star Wars Battlefront 2 was one of my favourite games of all time. It's also the first game that introduced me to playing online against other players. Star Wars Empire at War and it's expansion Forces of Corruption are also top-tier games on their own, but the mods like Republic at War or Steiners Mod take it to a whole other level.Expand  I am with you on the Prequels, AOTC was my favorite, though I do like The Empire Strikes Back and ROTJ. Rogue One was also EXCELLENT. Love the imperial droid.  Both of those games, SWBF1 and 2 from 2005 were some of the best Star Wars games ever made IMO. The only other 2 that I would add to the list were Republic Commando and The Force Unleashed 1 (the second installment of the game was STUPID).  Regarding the latest films, all the sequels are so stupid they aren't worth watching. When you have to resurrect a villain for the billionth time, you know that it is going to be an epic disaster.  Having said that, I really liked the Mandalorian, the Bad Batch, and Ahsoka. Top tier, IMO. I would highly recommend these three as they are pretty traditional when it comes to Star Wars.

 COMMENT_BREAK We really need a TV show on Starkiller and Mace Windu.  Like this comment if you agree...

 COMMENT_BREAK Hello there.

 COMMENT_BREAK If you're the type that doesn't mind the occasional "fun" with SW, check this out if you don't know about it (The series) already.And this one, released just last week is probrably the best of the entire series to date so far: 

 COMMENT_BREAK I am not the ultimate star wars nerd fan but I do own a DL-44 blaster so I am getting close.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 11:19 AM, vf1000ride said:I am not the ultimate star wars nerd fan but I do own a DL-44 blaster so I am getting close.Expand  That is SOOOOO cool dude. I am wanting to eventually get my own Starkiller lightsaber.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 7:24 AM, Beerzerker said:If you're the type that doesn't mind the occasional "fun" with SW, check this out if you don't know about it (The series) already.Expand  This unreal engine stuff is so cool. I have seen some of it in the past.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 4:24 AM, ARandomPerson said:Hello there.GENERAL KENOBI!!!!!...........

 COMMENT_BREAK idk but Ahsoka so good right now

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 3:38 PM, Sakuriru said:idk but Ahsoka so good right nowIt definitely is pretty good. Hoping that we get to see Thrawn soon. Was hoping to last night.

 COMMENT_BREAK   23 hours ago, WeTuLo707 said:It definitely is pretty good. Hoping that we get to see Thrawn soon. Was hoping to last night.We got to see Anakin, which is better.

 COMMENT_BREAK   23 hours ago, Sakuriru said:We got to see Anakin, which is better.Yeah, it was nice to see Anakin (I personally was more pumped to see Cpt Rex). Still, I am aching to see Thrawn and the new galaxy.  They only have 3 episodes left, I am hoping that they will be able to get everything tied up before then.

 COMMENT_BREAK   23 hours ago, WeTuLo707 said:Yeah, it was nice to see Anakin (I personally was more pumped to see Cpt Rex). Still, I am aching to see Thrawn and the new galaxy.  They only have 3 episodes left, I am hoping that they will be able to get everything tied up before then.IMO I expect Thrawn to either return in Episode 6 or 7, and I don't think we're going to get everything "tied up" before the end of the Season. I'm expecting there to be maybe a big battle, but Thrawn escapes, and forms a new faction within the Imperial Remnant (with Pellaeon, perhaps even the entire Shadow Council following him), and then Season 2 will deal with Thrawn's return (or they'll save that for the MandoVerse movie - which will likely involve Thrawn's defeat).  Episode 5 was great. Seeing Anakin, young Ahsoka, Rex, and the Clone Wars was fantastic. I also liked the duel between Ahsoka and Anakin - it shows not just his ridiculous skill, but the sheer power he put into each swing. That's one thing that kind of elevated him above most other Duelists, is that his strikes were incredibly powerful physically, in addition to his precision and skill.

 COMMENT_BREAK

