
 Hi guys, i've played all fallout games except New Vegas because i've played fallout 3 and jumped to fallout 4 thinking New Vegas will feel outdated.
But i change my mind, however since i used to play Skyrim with tons of mods i was thinking there must be mods to make New Vegas feel at least less dated or just more fun to play.
I know i can visit youtube but there's just too many recommendations out there and i'd probably spend my time browsing and trying the mods instead of playing the game.
So if you'd be so kind, gladly give me some recommendations.
Thank you in advance
 I haven't really spent much time in Fallout NV and was thinking of playing it just a couple of days ago and started looking at some mods.
  Fellout NV. Removes the awful yellow/brown tint from everything.
Install some texture packs to help with that dated feel. Probably start with NMC Texture pack and Fallout Character Overall as a base and go from there.
  I ended up replaying Skyrim again instead of diving in to New Vegas so I haven't actually tried the mods yet, but those were the ones I was looking at. Other than that I usually install mods by just playing the game, getting annoyed by something, and then looking to see if there's a mod that fixes it.
 Honestly, play New Vegas without any mods whatsoever. Obsidian managed to make a game that blows anything Bethesda can make out of the water. Deal with the dated look and you'll get a better experience than Todd Howard can imagine in his wildest dreams.
 Fellout NV is fine.
  I tend to use Nevada Skies, adds weather effects and nights : Nevada Skies - Weather Effects at Fallout New Vegas - mods and community
  I also like to add a companion mod, Willow : Willow - A Better Companion Experience at Fallout New Vegas - mods and community
  May have to log in to see it, it seems to be marked as adult content.. but it's not. 
  It's just an extra companion you can have around, you can "recruit" her outside Primm. She has a few quests of her own you can choose to do, otherwise it doesn't affect the game story, doesn't stop you from recruiting companions as normal... it's just fun to have around as extra storage, hear her sing from time to time, give her small gifts like crayons and toy bears you pick in the game, breaks the monotony when you're moving between places.
.
   On 9/6/2023 at 10:38 AM, Ya_Mi said:
Hi guys, i've played all fallout games except New Vegas because i've played fallout 3 and jumped to fallout 4 thinking New Vegas will feel outdated.
But i change my mind, however since i used to play Skyrim with tons of mods i was thinking there must be mods to make New Vegas feel at least less dated or just more fun to play.
I know i can visit youtube but there's just too many recommendations out there and i'd probably spend my time browsing and trying the mods instead of playing the game.
Expand  
Just play vanilla, FNV >>> Bethesda Fallout games.
  On a way more serious note, I'd recommend the Someguy series of quest mods if you're looking for quest mods. Beware the vulgarity though. And while on the topic of modding, be sure to get Mod Organizer 2 as your...mod organizer.