Post Content
 Title says it all, my current laptop (Eluktronics MAG-15) has served me well, but it's getting a bit outdated, and it's time for an upgrade.  My main use case is Lightroom and Photoshop photo editing, and in the near future I will be editing 4k video.   In terms of needs/wants:  1) Needs to run windows. Just never jived with MacOS personally.  2) 15-17 inch screen, with good brightness and color accuracy. Would prefer a non-oled model, as I still get wigged out about burn in  3) Full-size SD card slot. I dislike having to carry an adapter if at all possible.  4) Large battery, I know it won't last long during editing, but for when I'm doing other work or random browsing it would be nice not to be tethered to the wall.  5) Upgradeability. It would be nice to be able to change storage/ram or replace a dying battery.  6) Good speakers. Upward firing if possible, for when I don't need headphones, good audio would be nice.  As far as budget goes: anything up to about $2500 USD would work, but if it goes slightly over it's not a deal breaker.  Thanks a million in advance

 COMMENT_BREAK MacBook Pro 16”. You can find amazing deals on the M1 models within your budget. No Windows based laptop comes close.  Learn to jive better with MacOS. You are holding yourself back.

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, johnt said:MacBook Pro 16”. You can find amazing deals on the M1 models within your budget. No Windows based laptop comes close.  Learn to jive better with MacOS. You are holding yourself back.I have been damn tempted by the MBP, now that they reversed course and added ports back. The big stickler is the lack of Upgradeability/repairability.

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, Broseidon, Lord of the Bro said:4) Large battery, I know it won't last long during editing, but for when I'm doing other work or random browsing it would be nice not to be tethered to the wall.I feel like this is misguided. When not plugged into a wall the laptop will run at lower performance mode either way. Choosing a bigger batter to sit away from the wall for longer negates any benefits of a bigger battery cause you'll be now running slower. Might as well just pick a small battery then if the effect is the same except can charge far quicker.  There's one on sale that sort of is a good fit but still has some sacrifices. Not sure on upgradability as it is a Dell after all. I'd get this I think.

 COMMENT_BREAK @Broseidon, Lord of the Bro, in your price range there is plenty to choose from. eg:https://www.newegg.com/black-asus-k6604ji-nb96/p/N82E16834236472?Item=N82E16834236472

 COMMENT_BREAK

