Post Content
 Hi, I'm an indie game developer and want to change my old LG IPS Ultrawide monitor with a new Samsung Oled G8 but I have some concerns about burn-in. I'm using Unreal Engine 5 for 7-8 hours a day and play a couple of hours of games a week. I know Oled is not suitable for static elements like Unreal Engine and an OLED monitor is not beneficial for my coding or developing stuff. But I love Oled screens and want to go with one screen instead of separate gaming and working screens. I also saw the RTINGS durability test results for QD Oleds but they mentioned it is mostly because of white static elements. Unreal 5 has a dark UI and most of its static elements are dark except for some white button text which I can change with black or dark gray. Does the dark UI of Unreal 5 help the monitor prevent burn-in? Or there is nothing that can help for 7-8 hours of daily usage?

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/18/2023 at 12:22 PM, TDoC said:a  On 9/18/2023 at 12:22 PM, TDoC said:Hi, I'm an indie game developer and want to change my old LG IPS Ultrawide monitor with a new Samsung Oled G8 but I have some concerns about burn-in. I'm using Unreal Engine 5 for 7-8 hours a day and play a couple of hours of games a week. I know Oled is not suitable for static elements like Unreal Engine and an OLED monitor is not beneficial for my coding or developing stuff. But I love Oled screens and want to go with one screen instead of separate gaming and working screens. I also saw the RTINGS durability test results for QD Oleds but they mentioned it is mostly because of white static elements. Unreal 5 has a dark UI and most of its static elements are dark except for some white button text which I can change with black or dark gray. Does the dark UI of Unreal 5 help the monitor prevent burn-in? Or there is nothing that can help for 7-8 hours of daily usage?Expand  

 COMMENT_BREAK Any OLED-based screen can get burn-in from long-term static images, but darker ones will help it to last much longer since they're not pushing the OLEDs to their full voltage.  Even with regular LEDs, lower brightness from reduced voltage will help them to last much, much longer.  Another thing you can do is switch off the monitor whenever you're getting up to do something else, like a lunch break or other time away from the screen.

 COMMENT_BREAK I wouldn't recommend OLED for any work environment. But if you absolutely want to go OLED, go with a W-OLED from LG like the C2 or C3. The larger 42" screen size and the 4K resolution is also a nice bonus for productivity. WOLED displays, specifically the ones from LG, so far seem to be the longest lasting ones.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/18/2023 at 12:22 PM, TDoC said:Hi, I'm an indie game developer and want to change my old LG IPS Ultrawide monitor with a new Samsung Oled G8 but I have some concerns about burn-in. I'm using Unreal Engine 5 for 7-8 hours a day and play a couple of hours of games a week. I know Oled is not suitable for static elements like Unreal Engine and an OLED monitor is not beneficial for my coding or developing stuff. But I love Oled screens and want to go with one screen instead of separate gaming and working screens. I also saw the RTINGS durability test results for QD Oleds but they mentioned it is mostly because of white static elements. Unreal 5 has a dark UI and most of its static elements are dark except for some white button text which I can change with black or dark gray. Does the dark UI of Unreal 5 help the monitor prevent burn-in? Or there is nothing that can help for 7-8 hours of daily usage?Expand  I absolutely would not recommend qd-oled for 7-8 hours of work usage. Assuming you go with WOLED go with dark mode, full black screensavers, wallpapers etc.

 COMMENT_BREAK

