Post Content
 Hi everyone about two years ago I bought a  samsung 970 evo plus nvme drive for my pc. It has been working perfectly fine for the last two years but recently it randomly stops being accessible in windows. If I tried to access anything installed on the ssd I would get an error saying the drive is inaccessible. The device shows up in windows but its inaccessible. After a restart it wont show up and I would have to shut down my pc. The only solution that makes the drive working again is if I shut down my pc and turn it back on again. Firmware is the latest version.  Looking at event viewer logs and I am getting these two errors:  The system failed to flush data to the transaction log. Corruption may occur in VolumeId: F:, DeviceName: \Device\HarddiskVolume8.           Failure status: A device which does not exist was specified.  (I have a ton of these errors popping up) An error was detected on device \Device\Harddisk2\DR2 during a paging operation.I ran a quick diagnostic scan with Samsung magician and it came back in good health. I am Currently running a full scan and it doesn't look too good.I think my ssd is dying but this is my first time dealing with this so I'm not 100% sure if its a windows issue or a hardware issue. Thankfully, I don't have any important information on this drive expect for a bunch of video games but is this a common occurrence on samsung ssd's?  Is there anything I can try to fix after the diagnostic scan is over or should I try my luck with an rma with Samsung. How many red blocks is too many? If this isnt fixable and does turn out to be a bad drive can someone recommend a good quality 2tb ssd to buy? Also how long are ssds supposed to last.Thanks!

 COMMENT_BREAK   53 minutes ago, J___ said:Hi everyone about two years ago I bought a  samsung 970 evo plus nvme drive for my pc. It has been working perfectly fine for the last two years but recently it randomly stops being accessible in windows. If I tried to access anything installed on the ssd I would get an error saying the drive is inaccessible. The device shows up in windows but its inaccessible. After a restart it wont show up and I would have to shut down my pc. The only solution that makes the drive working again is if I shut down my pc and turn it back on again. Firmware is the latest version.Expand  IMHO, If you can RMA, just RMA.  I never owned Samsung NVME, but my 870 Evo did had to be RMA'd after just 3 months of barely used. (maybe can be considered 5 if 2 months sitting in my cupboard counts) 

 COMMENT_BREAK There’s could be also a PCIe error, resulting in SSD just disappearing from system. Did you OC the PCIe bus?what is the mobo and CPU, and in what M.2 slot is the SSD in.  this looks like controller problem, PCIe error, or power problem ( it could be the power IC on the SSD ).post here a SMART table from crystaldiskinfo.

 COMMENT_BREAK   53 minutes ago, J___ said:After a restart it wont show up and I would have to shut down my pc.Turn off fastboot in mobo, and in Windows. PCIe NVMe SSD are not hot swappable, well they are, but aren't at the same time ( don't look deep into it ). 

 COMMENT_BREAK Do you have another M.2 slot to drive this device or a PCIE M.2 expansion card? Worse comes to worse, just format it and see if it happens again.  No device is perfect. Most usually last a lot longer. It could be a bad drive for some reason, but it could be something with your mobo as @kokosnh mentioned.

 COMMENT_BREAK

