
 I recently installed Sparky Linux on my hard drive and now my PC can’t boot into Windows anymore. 
  About my setup: 
I have:
  SSD 1 (2 Partitions, 1x Sparkylinux, 1x Windows efi boot thing)
  HDD 1 (Too many partitions, [1x Linux mint 22, 1x Ubuntu Studio, 1x ext4 or something just data partition], 1x Windows 11 install)
  SSD 2 (1 Partition, 1x Windows 10 install)
  What changed:
Before, I got that intel mobo screen with bios, bios update and boot device selection, and then there was a blue prompt asking if I’d like to boot into Windows 10 or 11. 
  After installing Sparky Linux, it’d have the grub with sparky Linux, UEFI settings and something else, but no windows. [I once had Linux mint instead of sparky Linux on that drive but never used it and it showed up in the Ubuntu studio grub just fine] 
  Now, I did a lot of troubleshooting involving unplugging SSD 1 and now when booting it shows nothing for a while, then it does a 1sec beep, a pause, another one sec beep, then about a two and a half sec pause and then another one sec beep followed by another one sec beep after a short pause. Then it takes me directly to the sparkylinux installer screen. The beeps go like: BPBPPBPBP (B = beep, P = pause, PP = double or triple pause, I’m not that sure myself)
  If you have any suggestions like to install mint over it again, just format the sparky partition, etc., they’re all welcome. Thanks a lot.
  [Please keep in mind that already tried to unplug SSD 1 with no boot device being found, it also won’t boot the windows installer which I tried on two different usb sticks and 5 different ports. I also tried removing the cmos battery for a short time; it didn’t help.]
 COMMENT_BREAK
 You need top setup a boot-manager on the drive the bios is booting from, and in that boot-manager you need to point to all your OSes so you can select to start from the list.

I dont specifaclly know howoto set this up, but it should point you towards the right direction?
    (Windows' built in bootmanager wont support linux well, linux bootmanagers can support windows, but there are several options afaik)
 COMMENT_BREAK