Post Content
 Summary  Unity, the engine behind such hits as every Hoyoverse title ever and such indie greats as Among Us, will begin charging a new "Runtime Fee" beginning in 2024 which allows them to charge per installation if you go over a certain installation threshold or make a certain amount of money off the game.  The amount per installation/revenue (pictured below) is a varying amount which depends entirely on what Unity tier your company subscribes to as well as how many installs you get in a given year.  Unity made sure to plug their various other programs that are packaged with their listed below subscription plans.      Quotes  QuoteGames qualify for the Unity Runtime Fee after two criteria have been met: 1) the game has passed a minimum revenue threshold in the last 12 months, and 2) the game has passed a minimum lifetime install count. We set high revenue and game install thresholds to avoid impacting those who have yet to find scale, meaning they don’t need to pay the fee until they have reached significant success.Only games that meet the following thresholds qualify for the Unity Runtime Fee:Expand  Summary Continued  This has brought numerous amounts of backlash from Developers all across the website formerly known as Twitter. @AggroCrabGames posted the below tweet commenting about how this move easily hurts developers creating games for Game Pass stating that if "If a fraction of those users download our game, Unity could take a fee that puts an enormous debt in our income and threatens the sustainability of our business."httphttpOther developers make similar comments including company InnerSloth developer @forte_bass which the company's main account retweeted.httpUnity also clarified some questions developers had in regards to how it counts an "installation" Clarifying that if a player deletes and re-installs a game it does indeed count as 2 installations and thus 2 charges.  My thoughts  What a fantastic advertisement for Godot! (who were also quick to post this new link to their discord and website : https://godotengine.org/article/godot-developer-fund/  It sure seems like Unity wanted a piece of everyone's pie. Genshin Impact and Honkai Star Rail alone could easily amount to millions of dollars in revenue for them even without assuming people have downloaded the game on multiple platforms (PS5, Cell Phone, PC). The cost of this is exuberant and comes across as a crazy and greedy move leaving many developers wondering if they should switch to a different engine entirely. The argument AggroCrab makes is also extremely concerning. What about Game Pass? If you're not a developer shoving micro transactions in your game (at least Hoyoverse has that covered to account for this massive hit) then how could you possibly justify Game Pass as an option for your Unity game? You reach all these players just to be hit with this massive fee for having a good player base.  Hopefully Unity will do an immediate reverse course, but judging by their stock price they will not and will continue to make poor decision after poor decision till everyone moves to either UE5 or Godot.  Sourceshttps://blog.unity.com/news/plan-pricing-and-packaging-updateshttps://www.ign.com/articles/why-unitys-new-install-fees-are-spurring-massive-backlash-among-game-developers 

 COMMENT_BREAK This always happens when the bean counters start making decisions.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 11:16 PM, dilpickle said:This always happens when the bean counters start making decisions.GOTTA GET THAT STOCK PRICE UP BABY!!  Seriously, what a bone head move. I didnt even mention the fact that a person could abuse this to install uninstall a game and abuse the crap out of this to hurt devs. Or that it further incentivizes people to add DRM to their games to stop pirates from installing it now that they're going to be charged per install and need to make sure someone paid for it.

 COMMENT_BREAK  

 COMMENT_BREAK Welp, I'm done recommending people try playing around with Unity.  Revenue sharing I'm for 100%; but install based at a rate like that without any exceptions for size is to me where I would not want to develop anymore with it.  Based on my first Android game (back pre-unity days), where I didn't put ads in a great spot I would now owe Unity $200...despite only making $100 off of it (it was a terrible game btw, but still managed to get over 1000+ installs before I decided to remove it from the PlayStore)

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 11:08 PM, Haaselh0ff said:Summary  Unity, the engine behind such hits as every Hoyoverse title ever and such indie greats as Among Us, will begin charging a new "Runtime Fee" beginning in 2024 which allows them to charge per installation if you go over a certain installation threshold or make a certain amount of money off the game.  The amount per installation/revenue (pictured below) is a varying amount which depends entirely on what Unity tier your company subscribes to as well as how many installs you get in a given year.Expand  Unity was always the worst license (next to GameMaker's Adobe-style license, which makes using it to develop indie games a pain unless you only make HTML5 exports, otherwise it's 80$/mo to export to game consoles ).  Just because you can download the engine for free, doesn't mean you can make a free game because Unity wants install fees, and GameMaker want's ongoing developer install fees. Both of these make "free games"/"free software"  impossible to maintain unless there is some skinner box mechanic to empty the wallet of the player.  Unreal's terms are even extremely reasonable (5% of all revenue.) Not perfect, but this is why you see "good" games that use the GPU and CPU extensively built on Unreal, but not Unity. Unity is Mobile-first, and has a reputation for being used for junky asset-flip fake games.  Then you have Godot and Stride (formerly Xenko) which are basically Unity-like which are both under the MIT license. Godot is a mobile-first style of engine (engine environment designed around OpenGL ES and HTML5 exportables), where as Stride is more of a desktop-first one (iOS and Android available, but not game consoles or web.)  Like I'd recommend Unity developers who aren't heavily invested in the Unity asset store to build their next game on Godot. 

 COMMENT_BREAK Unity has just been getting worse over the last several years... 

 COMMENT_BREAK   QuoteI got some clarifications from Unity regarding their plan to charge developers per game install (after clearing thresholds)- If a player deletes a game and re-installs it, that's 2 installs, 2 charges- Same if they install on 2 devices- Charity games/bundles exempted from fees  I noted that the charge per installation seemed vulnerable to abuse. Unity says it will use fraud detection tools and allow developers to report possible instances of fraud to a compliance teamExpand  lol the party that profits from frauds is the one that is going to put protections in place. Makes complete sense.

 COMMENT_BREAK Enshitification: Unity Edition

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 12:19 AM, Kisai said:Unity was always the worst license (next to GameMaker's Adobe-style license, which makes using it to develop indie games a pain unless you only make HTML5 exports, otherwise it's 80$/mo to export to game consoles ).  Just because you can download the engine for free, doesn't mean you can make a free game because Unity wants install fees, and GameMaker want's ongoing developer install fees. Both of these make "free games"/"free software"  impossible to maintain unless there is some skinner box mechanic to empty the wallet of the player.Expand  The fact Epic somehow comes out of the modern game engine days as the reasonably option is wild. But, here we are.  I thought maybe Unity had been bought by a Venture Capital or Private Equity firm. No, they're a public company that went on a buying spree and recently cut some jobs.  But.....  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Riccitiello  Old Jonny Boy re-enters the ring!  Though I don't think he was the studio murdered. He just likes to buy up everything, which is exactly what Unity did after they went public.  I don't have an issue with a company making money off their engines. But Unity is going to create this horrible gap that anyone that wants to make a "cheap" game is going to have to think really hard about it. Vampire Survivors is the one to watch here, as that's in Unity.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 12:44 AM, da na said:Unity has just been getting worse over the last several years... They went public, the engine is their core revenue source and they've moved into pure extraction mode since its likely the revenues are not as high as necessary to keep up their valuations that the upper Execs need to cash out massively. (It's the latter part that does a lot of the damage to companies, honestly.)

 COMMENT_BREAK Unity is in a bad state, you get some pros but more cons.Also what we have seen many years now, some of the business focus making it look very different than a decade ago?They have released or is going to release some cool stuff, so sad to see this going on.Else every other engine is taking their shot at unity, from unreal, godot (open source?), and a few others.

 COMMENT_BREAK I had no idea that anyone could overtake Activision Blizzard in greed race. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 11:08 PM, Haaselh0ff said:What a fantastic advertisement for Godot!  But this is assuming that every devs want to port Unity titles to other engines, or have the resources to. Unity just priced out indie devs. Also, to add, Devolver might be very much reserved in approving Unity-based titles in the future.You wanna know what that also includes? The upcoming 2nd title from Nomada, Neva. Anything I say to Unity would just break CS if something happened to the development of it.

 COMMENT_BREAK Does this mean Unreal is now cheaper?

 COMMENT_BREAK How does Unity track those installs? Are pirated games also included in that calculation?

 COMMENT_BREAK If (a big if, mind you, still) Apple’s visionOS platform becomes “the next iPhone”, it being very Unity-centric could mean tons of cash for Unity, because, whether you like these fees or not, you’re de facto forced to use Unity. (until Godot and UE write a plug-in for visionOS, but obviously the most “native” as in blessed-by-Apple way is Unity)

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 7:26 AM, Avocado Diaboli said:How does Unity track those installs? Are pirated games also included in that calculation?A lot of telemetry

 COMMENT_BREAK How much money would Unity get from Among Us alone if it was released after those changes? That game is cheap, but it sold a ton and has cosmetics, so it surely would be over all thresholds, but it's free on multiple platforms and Google Play alone says 500M+ downloads... Add that to 20M+ owners on steam(not installations), that it was free on Epic, is available on iOS, and is included on gamepass, it's likely over 1 billion installs, which would make Unity at least 10 million dollars if they were an Enterprise user, 20 million if Pro, and a massive 200 million if they were a Personal or Plus user. That could easily bankrupt an indie dev that makes a F2P game with Micro transactions, or with paid versions that ends up going viral like Among Us.

 COMMENT_BREAK Will have to crunch some numbers later, but this doesn't sound good for games aiming for high install counts using a f2p model.  I did look at home brew game dev previously. I kinda started on Gogot but was debating if I should check out the bigger names like Unreal and Unity since they may have wider applicability if I really get into it. I was leaning towards Unreal already as it seemed a better one stop solution than the fragmented mess that Unity was. Also, I found Unity licence terms unreadable which was also off putting. Basically couldn't work out the limitations of the "free" tier at the time.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 8:25 AM, KaitouX said:How much money would Unity get from Among Us alone if it was released after those changes? That game is cheap, but it sold a ton and has cosmetics, so it surely would be over all thresholds, but it's free on multiple platforms and Google Play alone says 500M+ downloads... Add that to 20M+ owners on steam(not installations), that it was free on Epic, is available on iOS, and is included on gamepass, it's likely over 1 billion installs, which would make Unity at least 10 million dollars if they were an Enterprise user, 20 million if Pro, and a massive 200 million if they were a Personal or Plus user. That could easily bankrupt an indie dev that makes a F2P game with Micro transactions, or with paid versions that ends up going viral like Among Us.Expand    At any rate, no developer wants to become upside down in owing Unity money, so you can bet this has already likely shelved or terminated several games.  Here's a fun thought experiment. Goose Goose Duck is an Among Us clone that basically does Among Us somewhat better. Both of those are Unity. Which developer do you think is going to switch game engines just to save this BS install fee?

 COMMENT_BREAK  

 COMMENT_BREAK Does this mean that all games made with Unity are technically always online since it would need to send a report every time a game is installed? Will it mean having to have an online connection to install?  Eitherway this move sounds awful 

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 11:53 AM, RoseLuck462 said:Does this mean that all games made with Unity are technically always online since it would need to send a report every time a game is installed? Will it mean having to have an online connection to install?  Eitherway this move sounds awful It all depends on how they implement it.  Since it something as simple as a fresh install count, all it would have to do is essentially keep a config file that has a flag set saying it's registered itself as an install.  Most users wouldn't bother figuring out how to make it look like it's already "installed" and it wouldn't require being online (instead it could just call out if there is an internet connection, but continue if not).  This kind of approach might be good in that it if someone deletes their config it counts as a new install.  Like if they "needed" more money; I would have been okay with them lowering the indie level revenue sharing level.  Even if they did something like $5,000 (but didn't really enforce it) I would be okay with it.  At $5,000 a year before revenue sharing it would start making people consider the paid options, and those who don't will be sharing a lot more revenue...and it doesn't feel like a kick in the gut either (since at $5k/m that's at a level where self reporting the profits would only take a minimal amount of time)

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 11:08 PM, Haaselh0ff said:Unity also clarified some questions developers had in regards to how it counts an "installation" Clarifying that if a player deletes and re-installs a game it does indeed count as 2 installations and thus 2 charges.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 9:33 AM, AlexGoesHigh said:Expand  Not once, heck no. But I'd pick a publisher or developer I really hate and reinstall it 10,000 times. I also recommend thousands of other people do the same. I'm sure something will happen lol

 COMMENT_BREAK Let's charge them back for wearing down our SSDs after each installation.

 COMMENT_BREAK   QuoteUnity also clarified some questions developers had in regards to how it counts an "installation" Clarifying that if a player deletes and re-installs a game it does indeed count as 2 installations and thus 2 charges.

 COMMENT_BREAK This has to be the dumbest business model I've ever heard of. Excellent way to alienate all your existing developers as well as players. It's like Unity wants to lose all their customers and go bust lol. There is no way you can enforce this backwards for games already released with Unity and good luck finding new clients with such absurd business model... Unreal Engine devs are jumping in joy as their business will be booming in 2024 and onwards...

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/13/2023 at 12:19 AM, Kisai said:Unity was always the worst license (next to GameMaker's Adobe-style license, which makes using it to develop indie games a pain unless you only make HTML5 exports, otherwise it's 80$/mo to export to game consoles ).  Just because you can download the engine for free, doesn't mean you can make a free game because Unity wants install fees, and GameMaker want's ongoing developer install fees. Both of these make "free games"/"free software"  impossible to maintain unless there is some skinner box mechanic to empty the wallet of the player.Expand  Yeah I think a small percent of revenue is always going to be fair and very easy to understand what the cost of using the engine is going to be. The unity model is so confusing and hard to determine how much it would cost you as its per install which is insane to me. It basically makes lower cost games very at risk of being a money sink. I mean I think I have installed terraria at least 10 time so I guess that is 2+ dollars in cost if it was made in Unity. I imagine for good games that are repayable it would be similar and I guess you are almost better off not having a too good of a game that way people only install it once lol. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   21 hours ago, Brooksie359 said:Yeah I think a small percent of revenue is always going to be fair and very easy to understand what the cost of using the engine is going to be. The unity model is so confusing and hard to determine how much it would cost you as its per install which is insane to me. It basically makes lower cost games very at risk of being a money sink. I mean I think I have installed terraria at least 10 time so I guess that is 2+ dollars in cost if it was made in Unity. I imagine for good games that are repayable it would be similar and I guess you are almost better off not having a too good of a game that way people only install it once lol. Expand  Games that are small in filesize are also probably more likely to be installed and uninstalled more often, as for most people with decent internet downloading a 500mb or less from steam takes less than a minute, reinstalling is also usually the first troubleshooting step for many, again small games in particular due to how fast it's to download them.  Also would updates count as new installation? That would be crazy, as storefronts usually automatically install those.

 COMMENT_BREAK   20 hours ago, KaitouX said:Games that are small in filesize are also probably more likely to be installed and uninstalled more often, as for most people with decent internet downloading a 500mb or less from steam takes less than a minute, reinstalling is also usually the first troubleshooting step for many, again small games in particular due to how fast it's to download them.  Also would updates count as new installation? That would be crazy, as storefronts usually automatically install those.Expand  I just don't understand why they would go for such a model. I mean how hard would it be to just go by how many games sold rather than installs? I mean who in the world came up with such a horrible model and signed off on it? I mean it doesn't take a genius to realize why such a model would be highly problematic as you can essentially lose money on a game sale depending on how many times someone installs the game. 

 COMMENT_BREAK never forget the stupid people at the top and since unity became "public".unity has a link to a newer QnA for questions around itWhen you can be gambling and get away with everything

 COMMENT_BREAK But the meme going around for everyone, from devs and publishers."you wouldn't want to install a unity game, would you?"Edited 19 hours ago by Quackers101

 COMMENT_BREAK   20 hours ago, Brooksie359 said:I just don't understand why they would go for such a model. I mean how hard would it be to just go by how many games sold rather than installs? I mean who in the world came up with such a horrible model and signed off on it? I mean it doesn't take a genius to realize why such a model would be highly problematic as you can essentially lose money on a game sale depending on how many times someone installs the game. Free to play games dont have "units sold"A LOT of unity games are free to play (like genshin impact)Many PC games would not even have a tracker on users if you dont need to make an account to play. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   19 hours ago, starsmine said:Free to play games dont have "units sold"A LOT of unity games are free to play (like genshin impact)Many PC games would not even have a tracker on users if you dont need to make an account to play. If your model doesn't work that doesn't mean you make another model that also doesn't work. It's very simple to just do a profit share and it would result in way less problems. Also reinstalls counting is also a huge issue so not sure how you can justify that. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   19 hours ago, starsmine said:A LOT of unity games are free to play (like genshin impact)Mmmm microtransactions, me likey. Very free.

 COMMENT_BREAK   19 hours ago, Brooksie359 said:If your model doesn't work that doesn't mean you make another model that also doesn't work. It's very simple to just do a profit share and it would result in way less problems. Also reinstalls counting is also a huge issue so not sure how you can justify that. If your model does not work, you try to make a model that does work. Im not saying this one is good, I'm saying your counter example of a model is not better as its the broken one.     19 hours ago, Quackers101 said:Mmmm microtransactions, me likey. Very free.... yes. Its probably the most popular F2P game on unity. Others exist obviously with fewer MTX. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   19 hours ago, starsmine said:If your model does not work, you try to make a model that does work. Im not saying this one is good, I'm saying your counter example of a model is not better as its the broken one.   ... yes. Its probably the most popular F2P game on unity. Others exist obviously with fewer MTX. They did try and make a model that works because even an idiot can tell the new model doesn't work. I mean even a lazy person could come up with a better model especially since any lazy person could easily look at similar engines monetization model and basically copy them. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   18 hours ago, Brooksie359 said:They did try and make a model that works because even an idiot can tell the new model doesn't work. I mean even a lazy person could come up with a better model especially since any lazy person could easily look at similar engines monetization model and basically copy them. The new model is a standard (fucked) progressive model. Do not base your logic off of an idiot. Idiots are not known for their ability to use logic. The problem with the new model is the assumption that an install is equivalent to additional revenue for the studio and the fact that large tail games get hurt hard by the missing base bucket of installs. Remeber this does not trigger until the initial conditions are met (200k revenue in a year) Which for games that came out a year ago. are very uncommon. THE issue is you hit that trigger point a year (or some other year) after a game comes out and all the sudden you owe money for that 200k due to the lack of the base bucket. make 190k of revenue? pay nothing, make 200k, pay 25k (with this example being 7 dollar sale price per install (store takes 30%, that isn't revenue) (assuming everyone who buys installs once), sold 40k copies somehow on the free version of unity after selling 200k units the year before aka long tailthis math gets worse as the game get cheaper, like 99 cent games on apple store (but how many of those are selling 200k copies)So this effects all of a dozen games. This is really targeting f2p games that do charge MTX, and charging them a fair price. However large tail purchaseable games got hit in the crossfire.LIGHTLY monetized games get shafted. No monetization and moderate should be fine. The other option that this is trying to push studios to, is if you are making 500k of revenue on a game sale, you REALLY should be considering not using the FREE version of unity. You are a small company at that point. Progressive models ARE the correct models to use, when made right. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   18 hours ago, starsmine said:new model is a standard (fucked) progressive modelThe issue is that there are very few frameworks if any that have such progressive cessation policies. This stuff is really more popular in the enterprise space.Unity is the only one that comes to my mind that has something like this for consumer/prosumer tiers.    Mark my words, heads are going to roll with this one. Unity has destroyed whatever goodwill they had with developers in one fell swoop.

 COMMENT_BREAK This might be the dumbest move in gaming ever.Whatever was left in terms of trust is entirely gone.Nobody will use Untity ever again for a game.That company just kurtcobained itself.GG

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/12/2023 at 11:08 PM, Haaselh0ff said:    Unity also clarified some questions developers had in regards to how it counts an "installation" Clarifying that if a player deletes and re-installs a game it does indeed count as 2 installations and thus 2 charges.Expand    Unity developers to tech media: "please, please don't pick our game for benchmarks!"

 COMMENT_BREAK   20 hours ago, Brooksie359 said:I just don't understand why they would go for such a model. I mean how hard would it be to just go by how many games sold rather than installs? I mean who in the world came up with such a horrible model and signed off on it? I mean it doesn't take a genius to realize why such a model would be highly problematic as you can essentially lose money on a game sale depending on how many times someone installs the game. Unity might be bigger in Mobile than in PC. That's what it's targeted after. Genshin Impact is on Unity, for instance.  Unreal's 5% revenue cut has always been a fair going rate, but Unity's rate is now extremely difficult to calculate. And if you get an unexpected smash hit (like Vampire Survivors), you are going to get slammed.  While they're walking back some of the stuff (yeah, great job with the "Go too Far, Walk Back" strategy there, buds. Watch a mass exodus of developers), the damage is absolutely done. The big games on Unity can't move, but smaller companies will pivot or start on different Engines to begin with.  Also, knowing the Internet, there's going to be ways of spoofing these "install" numbers. I give it 2 weeks after they roll out some system for reporting.  Some group is going to really dislike some game, and they're going to find a way to make the Unity Bill higher than the game's revenue.

 COMMENT_BREAK From their FAQ.    Sounds like they intend for massive invasions of privacy to make sure that they're only counting individual installs per person. Or, if you're more cynical like me, it's a "trust us bro" situation where they'll claim their numbers are correct regardless of how many times the same person switches platforms, redownloads a game and installs it. Speaking of "trust us bro".    This just in, Unity can detect pirated software. This is huge news, because developers will be now in a position to crack down on pirates and bring them to justice with ease. /s

 COMMENT_BREAK So if they only charge for the first install... how do they know it's the first? What counts as a first install? If i install it on windows then switch to linux and install it there, is that 2 installs or 1? My guess is that will be 2 installs. So if people play the game on their pc and steamdeck, its paying twice.Doesn't matter what they do, people will find a way to fuck over developers and bankrupt them. Just keep creating VM's and installing the game. A little more trouble but can be completely automated.I don't see this ending well for Unity...

 COMMENT_BREAK Random thought: this could impact game giveaways in future. Right now, giving away a game costs very little, beyond the bandwidth hosting. If each "free" copy is going to cost something in the future, it may act as a disincentive.  How could this have sucked less?Make it per game sale, not install. This is easy to verify from sales data.For f2p games they could instead base it on game revenue.Is there any get out clause if you released a game on an older license to keep on that licence? I haven't looked into the details but it sounds like past sales will still count towards this once it takes effect.

 COMMENT_BREAK I just love how in panic mode Unity is currently. Out of their 12 FAQ questions 7 has been already updated with the biggest change going for WebGL games which earlier were counted in (as in every initialization) and now the answer is just "No".  The "trust me, bro" side of logging installs is also nice to see after being more or less under the hood of Unity and especially the more experimental builds for over a decade. It's a fucking hackjob of game engine at the best, things "just work" and other things change so fast you're fixing your earlier doings more than developing new because someone at Unity decided to do things differently, again. Like seriously, I wouldn't be surprised if their new install detection system is just one check byte in Windows registry and you can just go and flip it like 5 year old ADHD kid does light switch and Unity counts every time as a new install.  Then you have the REALLY dangerous parts of this fuckery.The different kind of game passes. Unity says that they won't bill the developer for those installs but the platform, wanna know how happy Microsoft, Sony, Apple, HTC (Viveport Infinity), Nintendo and whoelse would be about this? So, happy that they either drop every. single. Unity game from the programs or they just pass the bill to the devs or consumers (either dig deeper into dev pockets with poorer contracts and golden handshakes or rise the prices for consumers). The game passes are surprisingly good things for many developers because they offer good visibility with at least some income, not as good as legit sales but better than just getting the game pirated and you cannot really argue against that consumers doesn't like it with Xbox Game Pass having 25 million paying users.  What I believe this is some financial dying breaths of Unity, the last tries to hold on to the income and the past profitability of the company. 2023 hasn't been a good year for Unity, over 600 employees fired and plans to cut 28 offices (from 58 to 30), the engine being challenged by others while falling badly behind it's main competition without much teeth to bite back (Godot and O3DE have come a long way while Unreal 5 is far ahead). Tells a lot when the Unity execs have sold their stocks in pretty huge numbers along the year, CEO 50,610 shares during the year with 2,000 shares just before this release, President 37,500 shares September 1st, Board Director 68,454 shares in August 30th... While not big things, still shows that the value keeps dropping and the leadership is jumping the ship.    4 hours ago, porina said:Is there any get out clause if you released a game on an older license to keep on that licence? I haven't looked into the details but it sounds like past sales will still count towards this once it takes effect.  This is actually kind of interesting point when it comes to Unity. They are also dropping the Plus license and moving those users to the more expensive Pro license which is kind of asshole move as it's own. But the thing is quite many devs who have made Unity games in the past and moved on to Unreal or other engines probably don't have active Pro/Enterprise licenses since generally those just give you benefits during development and after launch and "death of the project" you can drop on to the free license and pay the 5% to Unity. Few years back it was even adviced step in releasing Unity game on budget to pay the Pro license for the launch month to get the few extra features and rid of the watermark and Unity was completely fine with it. There's also publisher(s) who will make some "acquisitions" if you manage to sell them Unity game because for them it's a lot cheaper to have their own Enterprise license and suck in the games and release them under it than get a new license for the studio.

 COMMENT_BREAK So, if I understand this correctly ... Unity just started a bar fight against  Epic Games (Fall Guys)Nintendo (Pokemon Go)Activision-Blizzard (Hearthstone)Disney (Marvel Snap)and basically China (Genshin Impact)  And these are just examples of singular games. I bet Playstation, X-Box and Steam are absolutely stoked about the great news as well.  There is no coming back from this for Unity. I don't even think they could fix this or even survive it if they do a 180 right now.  They have not pissed against the wind, they are currently actively projectile vomiting downwards while falling ... after uppercutting themselves out of a plane without a parachute.  Also love this:   

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, noenken said:So, if I understand this correctly ... Unity just started a bar fight against  Epic Games (Fall Guys)Nintendo (Pokemon Go)Activision-Blizzard (Hearthstone)and basically China (Genshin Impact)Expand    Electronic Arts has always deserved the hate it gets, because it has 30 years of evil baggage that can't be undone. Unity has been "avoid at all costs" for at least 13 years (since 2.0). It's only managed to sneak into popularity due to Adobe abandoning Flash, and Unity fitting the same use case (at least until the "browser plugin"s died.)  But I think now's a good time to throw Unity in the junk bin with Java, Silverlight and Flash. Software that you should stop using immediately (due to terrible ownership/management) and not develop new software on. If you're an indie and don't have the patience to learn Godot, then you're basically going to have to learn Unreal Engine 5.x if you want to use a 3D pipeline. Cause there's not much else out there.  If you want to stick with 2D you're better off just biting the bullet and using Godot or Stride (Xenko) because a lot of other amateur tier engines have no chance of getting onto game consoles or mobile devices without you learning C++ and porting it yourself. Hell, "GameMaker" (the thing that Undertale was written with) never had anything on the Switch (2018) until Undertale (2015).  It's THAT hard to get stuff on game consoles in the first place and you're not going to spend any time porting a game written with a game engine that can't be exported to it. So a lot of free stuff is not on the table.  SDL, the middleware for getting 2D and 3D games on everything, is extremely difficult to setup because it largely only supports 2D and basic audio. If you want Vulkan, you can use it for Vulkan, but you're basically not using SDL itself for Vulkan. Likewise SDL has no native, text, image or audio playback and it's kind of a PITA to build the SDL TTF, Image, Mixer libraries due to underlying code rot in the playback codecs.  But again, in some cases, you are just better off forging the middleware if the thing you're trying to develop is isn't input latency sensitive. Because the hardest stuff stuff to "make work" are timing loops, and it's been a good 25 years (eg before Windows 2000 and ME) since 2D games could be developed against bare hardware. The minute 3D graphics adapters became a thing, no more innovation happened in 2D.  So 2D middleware has been a thing ever since, but the thing people used before Unity for 2D was flash. The Jackbox games still use Flash in 2023, but they don't use Adobe's runtime. they use CRIWARE/FMOD for audio/video middleware which is about 90% of what their games are actually using, and the entire input to the games are via HTML5 on the jackbox server.   Another 2D option is Cocos-2dx, but this is really just a package of libraries, not a game engine, and it seems to have jumped down the metaverse rabbit hole. It's primarily intended for mobile devices. 

 COMMENT_BREAK

