Post Content
 Hey, i'm indecisive and i want some opinions about which iPhone i should get, so wanted to get some input on what i should get. I was gonna get a new iPhone ever since my 12 Pro Max broke in the summer, and i knew they would make a new one in a couple months so i got a SE for around $150 and just waited it out. Now that they announced it, i'm kinda in between 2 worlds.  I'm kinda thinking of getting the more budget iPhone 15 (non Pro), since it really has everything i need, and not to much more and for cheaper than the pro. It has the dynamic island, and better cameras, and cute colors, and is $200 less for the non-plus 256gb pro version. Plus for the price of the 256gb pro, i can get a 512gb regular 15, or a 256gb plus. Although, i don't think i need all that (even though i would like it) since thats the same storage i had on my 12 Pro max, and that lasted me abt 3 years, even when i was downloading every tiktok i saw, which i don't do as much anymore. So i wouldn't mind sticking to 256gb (esp since it would be a 4x increase from what i have rn). I really don't care about the usb 2 speed, since i only used usb to transfer files like a handful of times ever since i got the iPhone X, and that was USB 2 anyway. However, i do wish it had the telephoto lens instead of the ultrawide lens, but I could live with it. And compared to my previous 12 Pro Max, it really wouldn't be that big of a downgrade, besides no Lidar, which i didn't use anyway and that telephoto lens, and added screen real estate, although the smaller se kinda has me on the smaller form factor.  Or, i could get that 15 Pro for a bit more and get a higher refresh rate and slightly smaller bezels. Although, the bezel change really doesn't seem that big, and i'd much rather save $200 for slightly bigger bezels. Plus, i kinda think I would get used to the higher refresh rate over, even though it is an improvement, especially since i've only used 60hz iPhones, and been fine with it, so again i wouldn't mind saving that $200 in exchange for that. But it does have that telephoto lens, and would be the more logical upgrade compared to my 12 Pro max, although now i'm having to pay for the phone myself, and not through a payment plan so like i have to take that into account. However, i do have that type of money saved up from when the iPhone 14 came out (around $1,200) so i could use it to that, but again, i wouldn't mind saving $200.TL;DR: I could save $200 for less (but still agreeable) features, or spend $200 for extra features.

 COMMENT_BREAK if im being honist id get the iphone 14 or 14 pro as the 15 is basicly the 14 pro + usbc and the 14 and 15 are vry similer and you most likly dont need more. iphones have not been inovating at the moment

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/14/2023 at 7:13 PM, bezza... said:if im being honist id get the iphone 14 or 14 pro as the 15 is basicly the 14 pro + usbc and the 14 and 15 are vry similer and you most likly dont need more. iphones have not been inovating at the momentOh shi, i looked at refurbed 14 pros, it would actually be (slightly) cheaper to get the 14 pro haha. Plus it has the extra refresh rate and extra cameras.  I kinda have to say, i'm a bit worried about buying it used, since it doesn't have like the full warrenty i could get included if i got one at best buy (I have the total subscription thing, so it would include apple care) which is kinda important to me bc both of my previous iphones cracked, my 12 not even making it half a year b4 it cracked. So that if this one also crackes, it'll be a lot cheaper to get it replaced. Plus, just about the condition of it, but the phone i use now is used so maybe i'm just trippin.  But now that you brought that option up, i'll probablt look into it haha. I really didn't even think of it, ig i just want the latest and shinest haha. thank u

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/14/2023 at 7:34 PM, Retro_R said:'m a bit worried about buying it used, since it doesn't have like the full warrenty i could get included if i got one at best buy (I have the total subscription thing, so it would include apple care) which is kinda important to me bc both of my previous iphones cracked, my 12 not even making it half a year b4 it cracked. So that if this one also crackes, it'll be a lot cheaper to get it replaced. Plus, just about the condition of it, but the phone i use now is used so maybe i'm just trippin.tbh refurbed iphones aren't that bad. I got a refurbed iphone xr for like 300 pounds like 3 years and it's still going strong with no problems on the battery or the screen. I've even dropped it for a total of around 100 times with a screen protector and the only thing cracked is the screen protector. Back glass = pristine But i do have a pretty OP 5 pound case on the back

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/14/2023 at 7:13 PM, bezza... said:if im being honist id get the iphone 14 or 14 pro as the 15 is basicly the 14 pro + usbc and the 14 and 15 are vry similer and you most likly dont need more. iphones have not been inovating at the momentI thought about it over last night and talked to some other people, I think it would be better to buy new. Because, my family has this Best Buy member ship, which includes AppleCare whenever you buy something there. This is pretty important to me bc both of my previous iPhone have had cracked screens, so having apple care would save me $250 on one screen repair alone.   and the 14 pro would only be like $30 cheaper. Yeah it has more features, but I really don’t save that much in the short term compared to the long term, and I really don’t mind paying $20 to save $250. Even with the less features.   

 COMMENT_BREAK Wants vs. needs.  What do you take pictures of?I once got a phone with one of the best cameras because I got caught up in all the hype. But after I got it and started looking through my photo album, I realized I'm not a photographer, and having a better camera didn't really make anything I take pictures of any better. In reality, I don't take a lot of photos or videos anyway.  If you take photos or videos that can be considered true art (the kind you can either sell or you'd want to hang in picture frames all around your home) then get the Pro. If not, why spend more money on something you don't really benefit from? Seeing how you've been fine with 64GB in the past and feel 256GB is going to be plenty, it seems pretty apparent that you probably don't take a lot of photos. But I could be wrong.  Everything else you've pretty much covered.Seems like bezels aren't that important, and I would agree. Would you really notice? Would every time you pull out your phone say, "Ah man! Why are my bezels so big?! I should have gotten the PRO!" I highly doubt you would.Refresh rate probably doesn't matter. Personally, I only see refresh rate as being helpful in gaming, and only if the game supports it. If gaming is very important to you, then consider it. Otherwise, how is it helpful? All your online videos are all 60Hz or less.USB speed would be most important if you did use your phone for taking photos and videos and had big storage (e.g. 1TB) and needed to transfer all that to a computer so you could keep taking photos and videos the next day and fill up that 1TB again.

 COMMENT_BREAK If you are looking at one of the bigger models, on JerryRigEverything, Jerry was able to break the rear glass with the pressure of his thumbs on the iPhone 15 Pro Max, but not on the iPhone 15 Pro. So, that's something to consider if you want your phone to last.

 COMMENT_BREAK

