Post Content
 as the title says, cyberpunk has become boring as hell for me after a while of playing. what else can i play? it needs to have ray tracing or to look very very good, i've been playing on a shitbox for AGES and i wanna play something demanding now that i finally can. thanks in advance for all suggestions!

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, milflover69 said:as the title says, cyberpunk has become boring as hell for me after a while of playing. what else can i play? it needs to have ray tracing or to look very very good, i've been playing on a shitbox for AGES and i wanna play something demanding now that i finally can. thanks in advance for all suggestions!Starfield

 COMMENT_BREAK Its not ultra demanding but it looks quite pretty, the plague tale series, much more story based than cyberpunk if you want to sit back for a more linear story. But it is quite pretty with great lighting effects throughout that RT would show off very well

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, milflover69 said:as the title says, cyberpunk has become boring as hell for me after a while of playing. what else can i play? it needs to have ray tracing or to look very very good, i've been playing on a shitbox for AGES and i wanna play something demanding now that i finally can. thanks in advance for all suggestions!https://gamerant.com/best-looking-pc-games-ranked/

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, TatamiMatt said:Its not ultra demanding but it looks quite pretty, the plague tale series, much more story based than cyberpunk if you want to sit back for a more linear story. But it is quite pretty with great lighting effects throughout that RT would show off very wellWell, the sequel can be somewhat demanding especially in some scenes.The story is good but depressing & stomach churning AF.  I thought Elden Ring & Souls series story is depressing, until PT: Requiem

 COMMENT_BREAK If Horizon Forbidden West ever comes to PC, that'll be a beast to run. As far as stuff that's out goes, if you have a nice enough GPU, you can probably try portal RTX or something.

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, Poinkachu said:Well, the sequel can be somewhat demanding especially in some scenes.The story though... good but depressing & stomach churning AF.Oh its fabulous i love the game!In regards to OP though, if hes got quite the powerhouse, Plague Tale isnt as demanding as games like starfield or cyberpunk on max graphics with heavy RTi.e. its quite demanding at times, but not ultra demanding in comparison

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, JimTheBeet said:If Horizon Forbidden West ever comes to PC, that'll be a beast to run. As far as stuff that's out goes, if you have a nice enough GPU, you can probably try portal RTX or something.    9 hours ago, milflover69 said:as the title says, cyberpunk has become boring as hell for me after a while of playing. what else can i play? it needs to have ray tracing or to look very very good, i've been playing on a shitbox for AGES and i wanna play something demanding now that i finally can. thanks in advance for all suggestions!I second Horizon Forbidden West. According to a known data leaker, it should be released "soon"https://www.dealabs.com/magazine/exclusivite-playstation-bientot-sur-pc-29774

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, Naijin said:  I second Horizon Forbidden West. According to a known data leaker, it should be released "soon"https://www.dealabs.com/magazine/exclusivite-playstation-bientot-sur-pc-29774Well, Playstation's "Soon" can be 2-3 years.

 COMMENT_BREAK There's an older game that looked quite stunning; The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and I believe there was a remaster even.  Alien Isolation is also a good-looking game.   The Witcher II: Assassin of Kings is a beast.  Rise: Son of Rome was also a masterwork. 

 COMMENT_BREAK What Remains Of Edith Finch 

 COMMENT_BREAK Also maybe A very heavily modded Skyrim 

 COMMENT_BREAK The witcher 3?

 COMMENT_BREAK My go to games when I get 4k and want to watch something pretty will be both Plagues Tale games, Witcher 3 replay + mods, your aforementioned Cyberpunk 2077 as well as Metro Exodus. Though I can't recall a noticeable change with Plague Tale Requiem having raytracing enabled. Maybe minimal.  Can't wait for Hellblade 2 to come out and Ghosts of Thushima to come to PC. Assasins Creed Mirage could also look pretty if it will come with raytracing. Unity really did set the standart.

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, JimTheBeet said:If Horizon Forbidden West ever comes to PC, that'll be a beast to run. As far as stuff that's out goes, if you have a nice enough GPU, you can probably try portal RTX or something.i have a 3050 but i also have a 1080p monitor so it runs pretty much anything lol. i'll try portal, thank you!

 COMMENT_BREAK   9 hours ago, Poinkachu said:Starfieldnice suggestion, but Bethesda will not get a single dime out of me

 COMMENT_BREAK   8 hours ago, Tan3l6 said:What Remains Of Edith Finch what is that lol

 COMMENT_BREAK   8 hours ago, 191x7 said:There's an older game that looked quite stunning; The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and I believe there was a remaster even.  Alien Isolation is also a good-looking game.   The Witcher II: Assassin of Kings is a beast.   was also a masterwork. Expand  i took a quick look at all of them and i think i'll go with ryse, since i loved assassin's creed odyssey. thanks!

 COMMENT_BREAK I love how nobody here has pointed out the inherent comedy in this thread. "I'm bored with a game that's all about eye-candy. Recommend me a different game, but it has to have a ton of eye-candy. I don't care about gameplay whatsoever. I see no problem in the future with this approach of getting bored with games that put graphics front and center."  Maybe this is a lesson you're now starting to learn, that graphics don't really matter that much and that if you've had fun with less pretty games in the past, that's what you should continue seeking out: Fun games that will still be fun in a decade, when current graphics are yesterday's news.

 COMMENT_BREAK   8 hours ago, milflover69 said:what is that lolThat's a "walking sim". But the cream of the crop of them.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, milflover69 said:i took a quick look at all of them and i think i'll go with ryse, since i loved assassin's creed odyssey. thanks!A 3050 has no shot at running portal rtx without dlss - the normal version is a classic, of course, but doesn't have great graphics by modern standards. The RTX version of portal (which is pretty much separate, by what I gather) is much more demanding, and even with dlss will only run at about 30 fps. Without it'll be literally unplayable.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, Avocado Diaboli said:I love how nobody here has pointed out the inherent comedy in this thread. "I'm bored with a game that's all about eye-candy. Recommend me a different game, but it has to have a ton of eye-candy. I don't care about gameplay whatsoever. I see no problem in the future with this approach of getting bored with games that put graphics front and center."  Maybe this is a lesson you're now starting to learn, that graphics don't really matter that much and that if you've had fun with less pretty games in the past, that's what you should continue seeking out: Fun games that will still be fun in a decade, when current graphics are yesterday's news.Expand  Agreed, but I figured they wanted an answer to their question. They probably know what they want, at least in the short-term.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, Avocado Diaboli said:I love how nobody here has pointed out the inherent comedy in this thread. "I'm bored with a game that's all about eye-candy. Recommend me a different game, but it has to have a ton of eye-candy. I don't care about gameplay whatsoever. I see no problem in the future with this approach of getting bored with games that put graphics front and center."  Maybe this is a lesson you're now starting to learn, that graphics don't really matter that much and that if you've had fun with less pretty games in the past, that's what you should continue seeking out: Fun games that will still be fun in a decade, when current graphics are yesterday's news.Expand  i can see why you'd say that, but i think there's been a small misunderstanding: as I mentioned, I grew up playing on a shitbox. I have played more low-spec games than I can count, I was 11-12 during flashgames' golden era. I'm ready to bet I've played games that don't even exist anymore and would be classified as lost media due to adobe flash player's death, and to this day I'm playing tons of metroidvanias (I've almost finished Blasphemous 2, I can't get past Eviterno). what I'm saying is, it would be nice to also enjoy a bit of the polar opposite to that

 COMMENT_BREAK

