Post Content
 Hello!  My wife and I are looking to upgrade our current Samsung Smart-TV (UN60H7150AFXZA) from about 2014. As the households resident nerd I was tasked at doing research...  I have to be honest here--I feel completely lost. My Googling results have not netted any meaningful information other than sites that want you to check out the price on whatever site they are getting their affiliate money from---not giving me a fuzzy feeling on trust with those.   The issue that I am struggling with is really just the technology...OLED..QDLED...man I don't know #$% QDLED is.   Here is what I DO know:We are looking for a TV that is between 60'' (lol)- 65''Primary use: Movies, TV shows etc...we use a Roku exclusively. NO gaming consoles to be used. and will reside in the living room of the houseI am leaning more towards Samsung because of the Sound bar + sub we have that uses Samsung SoundShare (is this even still a thing?) so it reduces cables. All I am hoping folks could help me out with is any recommendations, tips, what I should or should not be looking out for etc. Budget is not really a concern but a 7000 65'' would be a little....unnecessary.   Thanks! 

 COMMENT_BREAK Do you have a dark room or a way to control the light? If so, I'd recommend OLED. If you usually have a brighter room, you might want to check out QDLED, I believe it can get a lot brighter. IIRC.  If you want more explanation:  Reviews and Ratings - RTINGS.com  Also, HDTVTest channel on YouTube has some helpful information.  Happy hunting.

 COMMENT_BREAK my preferred way to buy a TV is still the 'classic' way of going to an electronics store and just looking at the wall of TV's for somehting that- looks decent- is the size i want- is the cheapest option that fits the two above prerequisites

 COMMENT_BREAK If budget is not a concern. For best image quality, just look for OLED TV.

 COMMENT_BREAK QLED or Quantum LED means the TV has many LED-s for the background illumination, regular old LED means a few LED strips with 5-10 LED-s per strip. QLED has hundreds. And it allows the TV to do better illumination on the screen (more illumination zones).  OLED does not have background illumination, the screen pixels produce light themselves. That's why on OLED black is black (completely dark) and the contrast ratio is infinite.

 COMMENT_BREAK Thank you all for the tips! after digesting I think I am going to go with Samsung S90C   Seems to be the best bang for the buck! 

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, 191x7 said:QLED or Quantum LED means the TV has many LED-s for the background illumination, regular old LED means a few LED strips with 5-10 LED-s per strip. QLED has hundreds. And it allows the TV to do better illumination on the screen (more illumination zones).Qled normally seems to mean there is a layer of quantom dots between the leds and the lcd panel. This improves colors, but doesn't affect local dimming at all. There are qled tvs with no local dimming.  I think your getting qled and mini led confused.

 COMMENT_BREAK I would recommend checking out RTings https://www.rtings.com/tv  They review them and also have them segregated by use or desired feature. Their site helped me find the monitor I'm currently using.

 COMMENT_BREAK

