Post Content
 Budget (including currency): 1500€Country: AustriaGames, programs or workloads that it will be used for: FF14, LoL, every FF game that gets released in the future and the occcasional Elden Ring.Other details (existing parts lists, whether any peripherals are needed, what you're upgrading from, when you're going to buy, what resolution and refresh rate you want to play at, etc): I have an Odyssey Arc, kinda want to be able to use all the functions it got (mainly the 165Hz). My problem right now is that I have a 4 year old prebuilt with a 2070 super, an I7-700f, 32gb ram on a Gigabyte H410M H.Is it worth upgrading my old PC, lets say with a GPU that supports HDMI 2.1 or do I have to build a new PC.  Thanks for your help, never built a PC before and i have no idea what parts to pick. I would be still satisfied with it, if i had not baught the monitor. 

 COMMENT_BREAK With that budget your aren't getting a 4090 as thats the only card that can game alrighty at that res.   

 COMMENT_BREAK   8 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:Budget (including currency): 1500€Country: AustriaGames, programs or workloads that it will be used for: FF14, LoL, every FF game that gets released in the future and the occcasional Elden Ring.Other details (existing parts lists, whether any peripherals are needed, what you're upgrading from, when you're going to buy, what resolution and refresh rate you want to play at, etc): I have an Odyssey Arc, kinda want to be able to use all the functions it got (mainly the 165Hz). My problem right now is that I have a 4 year old prebuilt with a 2070 super, an I7-700f, 32gb ram on a Gigabyte H410M H.Expand  Honestly that 2070 Super isnt bad, what gen of i7 is that? and what clock speed is your RAM?

 COMMENT_BREAK @TatamiMatt it is 10th gen. And the RAM should run at 3600 MHz according to the product page, task manager says 2133 Mhz.Edited 7 hours ago by IM_CURRY

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:@TatamiMatt it is 10th gen. And the RAM should run at 3600 MHz according to the product page, task manager says 2133 Mhz.Do you have 2x16GB sticks or 4x8GB sticks and are they all the same, if so id bump that ram clock speed to 3600MHz. The 10700F is a pretty decent cpu all in are you hitting the full 4.8 GHz and do you have decent cooling for it? And finally, if you want HDMI 2.1 then the 30 series offers that, not sure about AMD GPUs, but again, 2070 super is pretty good

 COMMENT_BREAK   8 hours ago, jaslion said:With that budget your aren't getting a 4090 as thats the only card that can game alrighty at that res.    I dont want to spend that amount of money, i kinda want the same, maybe slightly better experience than i get when i hook up my ps5 to the monitor. The 4k runs on low fps, but if i could get constant 60+ that would be great. On the other hand if i play some fps games I want to be able to use higher refresh rates. So I never need the high refresh rate with the 4k at the same time. But if the 4090 is the only way, then I better wait.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:I dont want to spend that amount of money, i kinda want the same, maybe slightly better experience than i get when i hook up my ps5 to the monitor. The 4k runs on low fps, but if i could get constant 60+ that would be great. On the other hand if i play some fps games I want to be able to use higher refresh rates. So I never need the high refresh rate with the 4k at the same time. But if the 4090 is the only way, then I better wait.You could bump down to 1440p, and see if you dont mind the difference in quality and the jump in performance, also, what is running at 100% when playing the games you want to at max settings, id wager its the gpu, if so thats your first upgrade. If you're cooling performance is adequate (you can't oc your cpu) but you could try minorly ocing your gpu for a small bump in performance (though I'm not sure how well the 2070 super ocs so take with a pinch of salt and do some research on this first)

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:I dont want to spend that amount of money, i kinda want the same, maybe slightly better experience than i get when i hook up my ps5 to the monitor. The 4k runs on low fps, but if i could get constant 60+ that would be great. On the other hand if i play some fps games I want to be able to use higher refresh rates. So I never need the high refresh rate with the 4k at the same time. But if the 4090 is the only way, then I better wait.Can you list a detail spec list?  As in all components. Psu make and model

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, TatamiMatt said:Do you have 2x16GB sticks or 4x8GB sticks and are they all the same, if so id bump that ram clock speed to 3600MHz. The 10700F is a pretty decent cpu all in are you hitting the full 4.8 GHz and do you have decent cooling for it? And finally, if you want HDMI 2.1 then the 30 series offers that, not sure about AMD GPUs, but again, 2070 super is pretty goodI have 2 16GB sticks, but i never even thaught about increasing clock speed. Never had issues with RAM. I have to test if I hit the 4.8 GHz. I have some cooling, but definetly not overkill thanks to the case. I kinda want that hdmi 2.1  7 hours ago, TatamiMatt said:You could bump down to 1440p, and see if you dont mind the difference in quality and the jump in performance, also, what is running at 100% when playing the games you want to at max settings, id wager its the gpu, if so thats your first upgradeall the stuff i run atm works about fine. the GPU can handle it. The more I think about it, the more i think its the hdmi 2.1 im missing.What card would you recommend if I only want to change the card?

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, jaslion said:Can you list a detail spec list?  As in all components. Psu make and modelDoes the Psu show up anywhere? otherwise I have take the PC a bit apart. For this one i actually dont know.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:Does the Psu show up anywhere? otherwise I have take the PC a bit apart. For this one i actually dont know.No you have to take it apart a bit. If you dont know your case name either perfect time for in and out pics. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:s the hdmi 2.1 im missing.You can convert from dp 1.4a.   

 COMMENT_BREAK   8 hours ago, jaslion said:With that budget your aren't getting a 4090 as thats the only card that can game alrighty at that res.    ehh you could do it with a 4080 or xtx but thats probably not gonna fit too

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, Failure 101 said:ehh you could do it with a 4080 or xtx but thats probably not gonna fit tooWith upscaling sure. 4k still is stupid intense and doesnt help that upscaling/frame generation is now making publishers optimize even less

 COMMENT_BREAK Ok i looked up the case and the PSU.The PSU is a LC Power LC6650The case is a miditower NBB fractal. The closest case you can get to this one is probably the Fractal design Define C.The only thing i changed was the RAM, 16GB wasnt enough.  As I said its a prebuilt.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, jaslion said:You can convert from dp 1.4a.  can i get a hdmi 2.1 signal with an adapter from dp 1.4a? and would you still get hdr, gsync and all that stuff? i have no idea of that stuff, so maybe my question is stupid.

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:LC Power LC6650Yikes they sure as shit didnt want this to last long. Luckaly you have a pretty efficient pc that didn't push this bad quality psu hard.  They really stuffed you with the cruddiest cheapest parts available sadly.  Also really needs a proper dusting out.  At this point considering that a new gpu would also need a new case because this ones airflow is crap + better cpu cooler because that is literally worse than the stock cooler it comes with i'd say that a rebuild to start good would not be a bad idea.  Or a 2 parter where we do psu and gpu now (+ cooler cpu probably best) and rest later. Then for cooling issue prevention leave the side panel off the case.  Btw it's a i7 10700f right?   

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, jaslion said:Yikes they sure as shit didnt want this to last long. Luckaly you have a pretty efficient pc that didn't push this bad quality psu hard.  They really stuffed you with the cruddiest cheapest parts available sadly.  Also really needs a proper dusting out.  At this point considering that a new gpu would also need a new case because this ones airflow is crap + better cpu cooler because that is literally worse than the stock cooler it comes with i'd say that a rebuild to start good would not be a bad idea.Expand  Thanks a lot! Yes its a 10700f . Yeah my PC gets dusty pretty quick as it is in the bedroom and i also dry my laundry here. Its been about 2 months since i cleaned it out completly. do you have any idea what a 2 parter/ rebuild would look like? By now you know what i want from the system, the monitor is going to stay. I pretty much only have 2 options, build from scratch with a 1500€ to maybe 2k and sell the old one. or do the 2 parter like you mentioned (witch i would prefer atm). Can you maybe tell me the parts that you would recommend?

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, jaslion said:With upscaling sure. 4k still is stupid intense and doesnt help that upscaling/frame generation is now making publishers optimize even lessEhh you just won't get 4k 144hz on ultra

 COMMENT_BREAK Just upgrading the GPU and PSU sounds like a solid option for now.

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, IM_CURRY said:Thanks a lot! Yes its a 10700f . Yeah my PC gets dusty pretty quick as it is in the bedroom and i also dry my laundry here. Its been about 2 months since i cleaned it out completly. do you have any idea what a 2 parter/ rebuild would look like? By now you know what i want from the system, the monitor is going to stay. I pretty much only have 2 options, build from scratch with a 1500€ to maybe 2k and sell the old one. or do the 2 parter like you mentioned (witch i would prefer atm). Can you maybe tell me the parts that you would recommend?https://at.pcpartpicker.com/list/Tm3DcH  Near top spec gpu, good psu and a cooler so your 10700f can perform some more just leave the side panel off the case so you have some more airflow for that new card.

 COMMENT_BREAK   3 hours ago, jaslion said:https://at.pcpartpicker.com/list/Tm3DcH  Near top spec gpu, good psu and a cooler so your 10700f can perform some more just leave the side panel off the case so you have some more airflow for that new card.I guess I will go for that. I never had an AMD GPU before but if you recommend it, i trust you. after this I will just see if I leave it like that or if i take the new parts and just build a new pc.Thank you guys!

 COMMENT_BREAK

