Post Content
 Hey guys, and gurls,   so, i am currently building a pc for some home lab experiments. Just starting so looked what i could get my hands on for cheap. Installed all the parts, everything went great. PC posted and i installed Ubuntu on it (i know distro choices are something people can get verry woked up over, but i have a lot of experience with ubuntu, so that is what i felt comfortable with for the start).  After about two weeks of installing programms, restarting the pc on ocassions and everithing going i restarted the pc once again, but it just did not post. It was stuck on the DRAM debug LED. Half an hour later and some tryling later i had to go somewhere. When i returned and tryed to turn the PC on, it just worked again. But from this point on it would sometimes outright completly freeze and sometimes not boot at all. The problem seem to get worse and currently i can't get it to post.   The Specs: OS: Ubuntu 22.04.3 LTSMB: GIGABYTE B550 AORUS PRO V2 (rev. 1.0)CPU: AMD Ryzen 5600GRAM: 32GB G.Skill Aegis DDR4-3200 DIMM CL16 (not on the compability list)RAM 2. Option: 16 GB Corsair Vengeance LPX DDR4-3000 CL15 (on the compability list)GPU: Integrated GraphicsDrive: Samsung 970 Pro 500GBPSU: 600 Watt be quiet! System Power 9 CM Modular  What i have already tried: Clear CMOSFlash Bios with QFlash PlusReseat all CablesReseat CPU & check for bent pintTry different RAM (known working)Try G.Skill RAM in other System: confirmed working  Maybe you have another idea what i could try. Happy to try anything that seems kinda reasonable  Thanks in advanceKuchenpirat

 COMMENT_BREAK Your system has some unique combination of components that may have been problematic in the pastI tried to use Ubuntu 22.04 myself and gave up since my computer was borking some unknown problem every couple of months. I zeroed my problem to the Ubuntu version itself. It remains unexplained and not many users seems to experience the issues. Nonetheless, I went back to Ubuntu 20.04 and my computer is stable since then. (I dual boot with Win 10 if that matters to you).There has been some issues with Pro Samsung SSDs where the drives were running out of life faster than expected. I don't know if your drive is among the problematic batches but it turned out that you can stop the degradation by flashing a new firmware on the SSD with Samsung's utility. A degraded drive could produce the issues you are experiencing.You don't specify if the parts you got on the cheap were used or new. I'd double check the PSU in another computer to make sure it runs without issues. Why ? Simply because PSU issues are really hard to diagnose and could cause some post and booting issues too.The DRAM debug light could indicate a DRAM problem but also something else. I know more than one user that had a CPU problem and it still registered at the DRAM light (not the CPU light). It probably depends on which part of the CPU is defective. The memory controller may be in cause. In short, you should also test your CPU into another computer if it is possible for you.Another simple test you could perform is to remove all drives (the SSD included) and try booting. This rules out the potential problems related to the NVMe and possible software issues.Have a nice day !

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, Sawa Takahashi said:Your system has some unique combination of components that may have been problematic in the pastYeah, that sounds like some lottery winner luck  Ok, thanks for the info, but since the machine does not boot past the DRAM LED even without the SSD i suspect its not Ubuntu that messed it up for me.The SSD should not be the problem, had it since a few years. Has not seen to much usage and im pretty sure it is already flashed, but i will try another ssd i have flying aroundAll parts are new, besides the SSD and the secondary ram i have tried. Will try to zombie connect it to  the PSU of my other PC without having to pull out everythingDRAM itself should not be the problem. All sticks worked fine in my old workstation that i have still kickin aroundJust tried it, it sadly does not help  Thanks allot for your message. I really appreciate your answer! Have a nice day too

 COMMENT_BREAK Since you already tried all the usual troubleshooting steps, it is time to test the CPU and the motherboardThe CPU is certainly the easy one to test in another computer and also the least expensive of the two to replace. CPUs sometimes die for no reason and would be consistent with the DRAM debug led.Good luck !

 COMMENT_BREAK

