Post Content
 i bought this new 1TB drive few months back and connected to my pc couple times but never put any info on it............but today, seems like it's already in trouble ?  with NOTHING written to it, it already has...............  Raw Read Error Rate (4)Reallocated NAND Block Count (1)Reported Uncorrectable Errors (4)Reallocation Event Count (1)  ## i doubt these negative numbers will be enough for me to claim warranty from the local distributor ?   

 COMMENT_BREAK copy some unimportant stuff onto it and see what happens.  numbers before any actual use are not always reliable.  

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/19/2023 at 3:33 PM, worstalentscout said:i bought this new 1TB drive few months back and connected to my pc couple times but never put any info on it............but today, seems like it's already in trouble ?  with NOTHING written to it, it already has...............  Raw Read Error Rate (4)Reallocated NAND Block Count (1)Expand  If anything :I RMA'd an NVME that had no error rate but sometimes gave me bluescreen whenever I benchmark it, 4 months after buying.In a country with shitty customer protection.  So yep, I think a bit of details is enough for RMA.At least far better than my : Me saying "When I run diskmark or the Brand's benchmark software it sometimes bluescreened" to the local distributor.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/19/2023 at 3:33 PM, worstalentscout said:i bought this new 1TB drive few months back and connected to my pc couple times but never put any info on it............but today, seems like it's already in trouble ?  with NOTHING written to it, it already has...............  Raw Read Error Rate (4)Reallocated NAND Block Count (1)Expand  Sometimes things come broken.  It's okay, not something to freak out about.  Try what was above, and then return if it still produces errors or performs how you do not like.  Try to relax a little too.  But raging can be fun at times   

 COMMENT_BREAK What stands out to me more is the unexpected power loss values, given you've not even written to the drive.  Personally I never even bother looking at the SMART values on new drives, its largely pointless as each drive vendor uses the values differently and the RAW values rarely mean what you think they mean, they are not usually actual numbers but a code meant to be interpreted by the vendors software and drive firmware itself.  That 1 NAND reallocated block may not actually mean 1 block at all, it could be the default value.  Although checking my 2TB model it is indeed 0, but there's also the fact NAND rarely is 100% perfect out of the factory, so that may just reflect an expected manufacturing defect that Crucial tell you whereas other vendors don't even use that SMART value at all so you'd never know.  You can only trust the vendors own drive health software to indicate if there is a problem or not.

 COMMENT_BREAK And there are UDMC CRC errors, (comunication) it can be SATA cable, or port, or sata controller.   i would RMA it, if you can.    but befor that, check the SMART for the version. Launch CDI, check the "SMART_READ_DATA" box in Edit -> Copy OptionsOnce again, select Edit -> CopyYou launch Notepad, paste the values, find the field regarding MX500 (because it copies everyone's SMART)in the SMART_READ_DATA field you have firmware, controller and memoryIn my case180: 00 00 4D 33 43 52 30 33 32 20 00 00 00 00 00 00 ..M3CR032 ......190: 53 4D 32 32 35 39 42 32 37 41 52 00 00 00 00 00 SM2259B27AR.....That is, SM2259 + B27A (i.e. 96l TLC micron)               

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/19/2023 at 3:41 PM, tkitch said:copy some unimportant stuff onto it and see what happens.  numbers before any actual use are not always reliable.    i connected this SSD to the pc before and the numbers were okay except when powered on the very 1st time - the FTL Program NAND Pages Count was already several thousands.......and power count was 6..........    On 9/19/2023 at 3:50 PM, Poinkachu said:If anything :I RMA'd an NVME that had no error rate but sometimes gave me bluescreen whenever I benchmark it, 4 months after buying.In a country with shitty customer protection.  So yep, I think a bit of details is enough for RMA.At least far better than my : Me saying "When I run diskmark or the Brand's benchmark software it sometimes bluescreened" to the local distributor.Expand    hope the RMA process will be easy for my case............i reckon it should be okay as i went to RMA a Crucial RAM recently and it was easy............but the RAM wasn't working while this SSD is unused...........      On 9/19/2023 at 3:59 PM, Dedayog said:Sometimes things come broken.  It's okay, not something to freak out about.  Try what was above, and then return if it still produces errors or performs how you do not like.  Try to relax a little too.  But raging can be fun at times    Expand    i tend to be unlucky when it comes to buying electronics and computers...........      On 9/19/2023 at 4:57 PM, Alex Atkin UK said:What stands out to me more is the unexpected power loss values, given you've not even written to the drive.  Personally I never even bother looking at the SMART values on new drives, its largely pointless as each drive vendor uses the values differently and the RAW values rarely mean what you think they mean, they are not usually actual numbers but a code meant to be interpreted by the vendors software and drive firmware itself.  That 1 NAND reallocated block may not actually mean 1 block at all, it could be the default value.Expand    when i 1st connected the SSD to the pc...........there were no error counts of any kind at all...........just the FTL Program NAND Pages Count was already several thousands.......and power count was 6.....      On 9/19/2023 at 8:05 PM, kokosnh said:And there are UDMC CRC errors, (comunication) it can be SATA cable, or port, or sata controller.   i would RMA it, if you can.    but befor that, check the SMART for the version. Launch CDI, check the "SMART_READ_DATA" box in Edit -> Copy OptionsOnce again, select Edit -> CopyYou launch Notepad, paste the values, find the field regarding MX500 (because it copies everyone's SMART)in the SMART_READ_DATA field you have firmware, controller and memoryIn my case180: 00 00 4D 33 43 52 30 33 32 20 00 00 00 00 00 00 ..M3CR032 ......190: 53 4D 32 32 35 39 42 32 37 41 52 00 00 00 00 00 SM2259B27AR.....That is, SM2259 + B27A (i.e. 96l TLC micron)Expand    i was connecting the SSD to the pc via USB..............i get a lot of these errors in all my external SSDs..............so fault is with the enclosure or USB port.........hope i can RMA this SSD without issues........

 COMMENT_BREAK I very much doubt they will RMA the drive given the overall status is 100% Good.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/20/2023 at 4:05 PM, Alex Atkin UK said:I very much doubt they will RMA the drive given the overall status is 100% Good.  i think i'll write to the distributer and see what they say.............pray for me.............

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/20/2023 at 4:05 PM, Alex Atkin UK said:l status is 100% Good100% is the TBW rating.Good is just there, if all critical attributes are within the thresholds, but that doesn't mean the SSD is OK.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/22/2023 at 10:58 PM, kokosnh said:100% is the TBW rating.Good is just there, if all critical attributes are within the thresholds, but that doesn't mean the SSD is OK.The attributes can be wrong, or misinterpreted as each vendor uses them differently.  If the drive works and the numbers aren't climbing, its more than likely absolutely fine.I'd use the drive and reassess it later before the warranty has expired, as it will not qualify for RMA unless their own software says its bad.  Nothing really indicates its broken, even if some of the values look a bit strange.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/23/2023 at 1:55 AM, Alex Atkin UK said:The attributes can be wrong, or misinterpreted as each vendor uses them differently.  If the drive works and the numbers aren't climbing, its more than likely absolutely fine.I'd use the drive and reassess it later before the warranty has expired, as it will not qualify for RMA unless their own software says its bad.  Nothing really indicates its broken, even if some of the values look a bit strange.  what you say is true ........so i should use Crucial's own utility software and if the same numbers are there - perhaps i can RMA it ?

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/24/2023 at 5:00 AM, worstalentscout said:  what you say is true ........so i should use Crucial's own utility software and if the same numbers are there - perhaps i can RMA it ?The numbers would likely be considered irrelevant, their own software will just use them to calculate if the drive is good or not and if its deemed good, RMA is likely denied.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/24/2023 at 5:26 PM, Alex Atkin UK said:The numbers would likely be considered irrelevant, their own software will just use them to calculate if the drive is good or not and if its deemed good, RMA is likely denied.  okay, i see what you mean...........i always thought any reallocated sector or bad sector during the warranty period would be enough for RMA.............looks like consumers are at the mercy of the distributers then.........

 COMMENT_BREAK How bad are your consumer rights?the SSD have Raw Read Error Rate (4)Reported Uncorrectable Errors (4)Just say that the files you had copy there were corrupted, even though it’s new.and that you don't trust it with your data anymore.In my country, if a storage medium can’t store data reliably, then it is defective, you can't defend it.you can email your regional crucial support exactly the way I said, and see what they suggest you to do. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   18 hours ago, kokosnh said:How bad are your consumer rights?the SSD have Raw Read Error Rate (4)Reported Uncorrectable Errors (4)Just say that the files you had copy there were corrupted, even though it’s new.and that you don't trust it with your data anymore.In my country, if a storage medium can’t store data reliably, then it is defective, you can't defend it.you can email your regional crucial support exactly the way I said, and see what they suggest you to do.Expand    so far the Crucial distributer's reputation in my country is okay.............i did a RMA for my RAM and process was smooth..............i might wait and see a bit more - maybe the bad sectors will increase and they have no reason to reject my RMA request.........

 COMMENT_BREAK   18 hours ago, kokosnh said:How bad are your consumer rights?the SSD have Raw Read Error Rate (4)Reported Uncorrectable Errors (4)Just say that the files you had copy there were corrupted, even though it’s new.and that you don't trust it with your data anymore.In my country, if a storage medium can’t store data reliably, then it is defective, you can't defend it.you can email your regional crucial support exactly the way I said, and see what they suggest you to do.Expand  But it depends what the firmware is actually using those values for, you can't take the description literally.  Prime example being its normal for any NAND device to have bad blocks right out the factory, but other vendors wont even tell you unless its a block which failed during use to becomes a reallocated block.  I feel in this case its just that Crucial are giving too much information that can be misinterpreted, whereas other manufacturer do not expose that information to the user.I could absolutely be wrong of course, but only Crucial can answer that and its unlikely anyone with that knowledge can be contacted to answer that question.

 COMMENT_BREAK The ones from factory are not in SMART, at least in crucial.I did see smart attribute for it (for the factory bad ones.) on other vendor SSD, but it is different, dedicated attribute. 

 COMMENT_BREAK I had a Crucial M4 256 die with 99% life on it.   I do not buy anything from Crucial now.

 COMMENT_BREAK

