Post Content
 I keep all my IoT devices on my Guest WiFi which uses 192.168.3.x my trusted devices use 192.168.0.x. I run a JellyFin Media server which never used to be accessible from my Guest Network. The other day I was trying to screen cast to my FireStick 4k and noticed it wasn't connecting. That's when I noticed it was on the Guest WiFi which was causing the issue but it was still able to connect to my JellyFin server locally (I do port forward the HTTPS port and made sure it wasn't connecting to that). I just checked my subnet mask today which is 255.255.255.0. It should be impossible for these devices to communicate while on different subnets, right? It used to not function as I've had this happen before (changing networks to the Guest Network automatically) which caused issues with my JellyFin app on my FireStick. It's not a huge issue but I don't want any IoT device having access to my main network due to the many security flaws with IoT devices let alone all my crappy cheap Chinese smart bulbs. Does anyone have any ideas of what's going on here? Maybe I should just use a spare router for all my IoT devices but I don't really want to put another device on my network UPS. My system was working fine subnetting for 3ish years, I can't be sure when this issue started but I'm pretty sure it was functioning as expected a year ago, I just caught this within the last week.

 COMMENT_BREAK If you r JellyFin server was on the guest network instead of your trusted network, does that mean that you use the same password key for both ? A device cannot get access to a network unless it has credentials for that network. So, unless someone entered the credentials for the guest network (or used WPS or something similar) your server should not be able to join that network.On another level, there is usually a parameter to keep the guest devices from accessing your trusted network. It is worth a shot to look at that parameter to confirm that your IoT devices are in fact isolated from the rest of the network.On a final note, there may be a bug in the router's firmware and guest networks work improperly and have access to all networked devices. This is rare but not impossible. Check the manufacturer's website and see if there are known issues and if you run the latest firmware.Have a nice day !

 COMMENT_BREAK   4 hours ago, CryptoKnight614 said:I keep all my IoT devices on my Guest WiFi which uses 192.168.3.x my trusted devices use 192.168.0.x. I run a JellyFin Media server which never used to be accessible from my Guest Network. The other day I was trying to screen cast to my FireStick 4k and noticed it wasn't connecting. That's when I noticed it was on the Guest WiFi which was causing the issue but it was still able to connect to my JellyFin server locally (I do port forward the HTTPS port and made sure it wasn't connecting to that). I just checked my subnet mask today which is 255.255.255.0. It should be impossible for these devices to communicate while on different subnets, right? It used to not function as I've had this happen before (changing networks to the Guest Network automatically) which caused issues with my JellyFin app on my FireStick. It's not a huge issue but I don't want any IoT device having access to my main network due to the many security flaws with IoT devices let alone all my crappy cheap Chinese smart bulbs. Does anyone have any ideas of what's going on here? Maybe I should just use a spare router for all my IoT devices but I don't really want to put another device on my network UPS. My system was working fine subnetting for 3ish years, I can't be sure when this issue started but I'm pretty sure it was functioning as expected a year ago, I just caught this within the last week.Expand  Devices in different subnets can communicate. That is the purpose of a router. Routers route packets between different networks.Even if devices in different networks are on the same layer-2 broadcast domain, you need a router to let the devices communicate at layer-3. That is because each host will compare the destination layer-3 address and its own layer-3 address and mask to see if they are on the same network. If the destination host is on a different network, the host will send the packets in layer-2 frames to its configured gateway (router).

 COMMENT_BREAK

