Post Content
 Was casually browsing YouTube when my pc randomly shut down, it then followed by rebooting itself then having a red Cpu debug light on my mobo.   now whenever I try to power on, all the fans spin but I get a constant red Cpu light for 1-2 seconds then the computer shuts off with the Cpu light flash red just before the system shuts down.  (See video)  things I’ve tried;reseating the ram,cpu,gpu. clearing cmosHaving bare bones plugged inchecked for any cables that may be short circuiting the board  the only thing that stops the computer shutting down is not having the Cpu cable in the motherboard (from psu) but obviously then I’ve still got a red light and cannot do much with that, soon as that gets plugged in my computer will keep shutting down and restarting itself.   Specs;ryzen 5 5600gtx 166016gb ram500gb Nvme tomahawk max mobo  I have everything up to date, drivers etc so I cannot understand why it just randomly shut off. I want to say it’s my power supply given that if I remove the Cpu cable it doesn’t shut down but hopefully here someone will have an answer or dealt with this before.   thanks. IMG_0461.mov

 COMMENT_BREAK Do you have another cpu power port on your psu and/or cpu power cable? I’d try new cable in different cpu power if possible.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, TylerD321 said:Do you have another cpu power port on your psu and/or cpu power cable? I’d try new cable in different cpu power if possible.Thanks for the reply!  Only one Cpu power port on my psu, and only came with one cable otherwise that would of been my last resort to try that  I’m fairly certain it is that but you never know with these things.    

 COMMENT_BREAK Do you get any POST codes(such as beep codes), other than the CPU debug light?  CPU debug light points to an issue with your CPU, either in the form of power delivery or the CPU/socket itself. The easiest way to test is to buy the cheapest CPU supported by your motherboard and BIOS, and try booting with that installed.

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, Crunchy Dragon said:Do you get any POST codes(such as beep codes), other than the CPU debug light?  CPU debug light points to an issue with your CPU, either in the form of power delivery or the CPU/socket itself. The easiest way to test is to buy the cheapest CPU supported by your motherboard and BIOS, and try booting with that installed.no beeps or codes. All that happens is what is in the video.   even if I take out ram sticks/gpu those lights don’t light up or anything which is weird. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, Pear111 said:no beeps or codes. All that happens is what is in the video.   even if I take out ram sticks/gpu those lights don’t light up or anything which is weird. Usually if POST fails, it won't continue checking for other things.  I'm not 100% sure on the order it checks hardware, but I'm pretty it sure it starts at motherboard > CPU > RAM > GPU. So it makes sense that if it fails POST at the CPU, it won't continue on and fail at RAM or anything else.

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, Crunchy Dragon said:Usually if POST fails, it won't continue checking for other things.  I'm not 100% sure on the order it checks hardware, but I'm pretty it sure it starts at motherboard > CPU > RAM > GPU. So it makes sense that if it fails POST at the CPU, it won't continue on and fail at RAM or anything else.I agree - What that means is the board is trying to initalize the CPU but it's not working, hence the CPU LED remaining on.I too suggest if you can find a cheap CPU, or maybe borrow one that will either confirm or rule out a bad CPU with the symptoms you're posted.Is it a new build or something you've had for awhile now?Another thing is were you running it at stock or did you have it OC'ed?Now - I have to say it:The pic of the machine seems to show a lesser (All aluminum) CPU cooler in place, one that doesn't look to be sufficient for cooling the CPU you have.if it turns out the be a bad CPU, next thing would be to determine "Why" it died and from the system pic, I'm suspicious about the cooler not being up to task for properly cooling a 5600 chip.

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, Beerzerker said:Is it a new build or something you've had for awhile now?Another thing is were you running it at stock or did you have it OC'ed?Now - I have to say it:The pic of the machine seems to show a lesser (All aluminum) CPU cooler in place, one that doesn't look to be sufficient for cooling the CPU you have.if it turns out the be a bad CPU, next thing would be to determine "Why" it died and from the system pic, I'm suspicious about the cooler not being up to task for cooling a 5600 chip.Expand  It’s a build I’ve had for around two years or so I think so quite a while, using the stock amd cooler (what usually comes with cpus) which has been replaced 5 days ago.   I think I’ll take the cpu and gpu (don’t think that’s the issue here) to a pc repair store for them to test them to see if those work on their systems. Then I can narrow it down to the mobo or psu.  I think that will be easier then I can update here on the outcome.   I never overclock my system or change the ram speed as I don’t run demanding stuff so to me there’s no point in doing so. 

 COMMENT_BREAK

