Post Content
 Budget (including currency): $5,000 USDCountry: United StatesGames, programs, or workloads that it will be used for: RTX gaming/development, possibly server hostingOkay, so here's the thing... I'm planning a build around a $5,000 budget (I don't actually have the money yet) and I had the bright idea of having the whole thing bolted to the wall above my bed. I've got a wall swivel mount for a monitor (I don't know specifics, it was in the garage when I moved into my current house, I just know that it works), and I could probably cut a desk panel for the mouse & keyboard out of some laminate I have in my shed. But see, I want to bolt the PC itself to the wall. As in, bolting the side of the case directly into the stud. It's an exterior wall, so I'm not that worried about structural integrity. The main concern is cooling, as obviously I won't be able to cool out of one side. I don't care about having any sort of aesthetic paneling, so I could cool out of the side where you would normally have that plexiglass panel or something... Anyway, I just don't know what sort of case I would use for something this stupid. 

 COMMENT_BREAK Either you put up a sturdy shelve, and put it on there and somehow afix the PC to it. (so it cannot fall)Or you go full custom and you will most likely need a custom chassis or modify one, as the stresses for cases are not meant to hang on the wall but rather stand on the feet.Or you need to find old thick metal case that's very strong, as i HIGHLY doubt any case would be strong enough to just put some bolts trough and hang on the wall. But then i do not know everything.    Or do as below post says, get case meant for verticality.

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:Budget (including currency): $5,000 USDCountry: United StatesGames, programs, or workloads that it will be used for: RTX gaming/development, possibly server hostingOkay, so here's the thing... I'm planning a build around a $5,000 budget (I don't actually have the money yet) and I had the bright idea of having the whole thing bolted to the wall above my bed. I've got a wall swivel mount for a monitor (I don't know specifics, it was in the garage when I moved into my current house, I just know that it works), and I could probably cut a desk panel for the mouse & keyboard out of some laminate I have in my shed. But see, I want to bolt the PC itself to the wall. As in, bolting the side of the case directly into the stud. It's an exterior wall, so I'm not that worried about structural integrity. The main concern is cooling, as obviously I won't be able to cool out of one side. I don't care about having any sort of aesthetic paneling, so I could cool out of the side where you would normally have that plexiglass panel or something... Anyway, I just don't know what sort of case I would use for something this stupid.Expand  Thermaltake Core P3https://www.thermaltake.com/C_00002908.htm?id=C_00002908

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:Budget (including currency): $5,000 USDCountry: United StatesGames, programs, or workloads that it will be used for: RTX gaming/development, possibly server hostingOkay, so here's the thing... I'm planning a build around a $5,000 budget (I don't actually have the money yet) and I had the bright idea of having the whole thing bolted to the wall above my bed. I've got a wall swivel mount for a monitor (I don't know specifics, it was in the garage when I moved into my current house, I just know that it works), and I could probably cut a desk panel for the mouse & keyboard out of some laminate I have in my shed. But see, I want to bolt the PC itself to the wall. As in, bolting the side of the case directly into the stud. It's an exterior wall, so I'm not that worried about structural integrity. The main concern is cooling, as obviously I won't be able to cool out of one side. I don't care about having any sort of aesthetic paneling, so I could cool out of the side where you would normally have that plexiglass panel or something... Anyway, I just don't know what sort of case I would use for something this stupid.Expand  I wouldn't trust the side panel's lockup to support +10lbs long term and potentially $5000 of hardware. Yeah a thick enough side panel with a few screws into a stud might feel secure until +10lbs is hanging on it for extended periods of time.  Lian Li used to make cool wall mounted cases in a few sizes.  Another 'wall mountable case' would be one with modular feet that's horizontally orientated and simply bolt the case to a stud or a board into two studs using the feet's mounting holes.

 COMMENT_BREAK I don't want something that's actually designed for this, I want a redneck solution.

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:I don't want something that's actually designed for this, I want a redneck solution.In that case can i introduce you to:

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:I don't want something that's actually designed for this, I want a redneck solution.Then that's a lot of weight on a side panel that isn't designed to be structural and I wouldn't want it any where near my head. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, HanZie82 said:In that case can i introduce you to:Expand  

 COMMENT_BREAK Alright so if I'm duct-taping this thing to my wall then I gotta get a lot more creative in how I build it. What lightweight hardware do you know of that gets good performance without weighing 20 pounds? I'm assuming the case I choose makes a lot of difference too.

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:Budget (including currency): $5,000 USDCountry: United StatesGames, programs, or workloads that it will be used for: RTX gaming/development, possibly server hostingOkay, so here's the thing... I'm planning a build around a $5,000 budget (I don't actually have the money yet) and I had the bright idea of having the whole thing bolted to the wall above my bed. I've got a wall swivel mount for a monitor (I don't know specifics, it was in the garage when I moved into my current house, I just know that it works), and I could probably cut a desk panel for the mouse & keyboard out of some laminate I have in my shed. But see, I want to bolt the PC itself to the wall. As in, bolting the side of the case directly into the stud. It's an exterior wall, so I'm not that worried about structural integrity. The main concern is cooling, as obviously I won't be able to cool out of one side. I don't care about having any sort of aesthetic paneling, so I could cool out of the side where you would normally have that plexiglass panel or something... Anyway, I just don't know what sort of case I would use for something this stupid.Expand  What build could you possibly go with for $5000?  Why not aim for a performance goal and price that out?  This isn't stupid (the wall part), as there are a TRILLION builds about building on a wall, and even cases designed for just that (as the P3 suggested).   

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, Dedayog said:What build could you possibly go with for $5000?  Why not aim for a performance goal and price that out?  This isn't stupid (the wall part), as there are a TRILLION builds about building on a wall, and even cases designed for just that (as the P3 suggested).    I don't understand what you mean by "What build could you possibly go with for $5000?" Like, is that low or high? I'm confused...

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:I don't understand what you mean by "What build could you possibly go with for $5000?" Like, is that low or high? I'm confused...I can't tell if you're joking.  Cuz you're making funny comments about wanting a redneck solution. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, Dedayog said:I can't tell if you're joking.  Cuz you're making funny comments about wanting a redneck solution.  Well yeah I'm a content creator. What would look funnier than video of me duct-taping a PC to a wall? Also I'm horribly inexperienced, this is my first full build. Before this, I've only swapped out hardware.

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:Well yeah I'm a content creator. What would look funnier than video of me duct-taping a PC to a wall? Also I'm horribly inexperienced, this is my first full build. Before this, I've only swapped out hardware.You would need a lot of surface area to actually duct tape a pc to the wall and not be at risk of it falling. You would also want to cradle the bottom of the pc with duct tape to both have more coverage and better support the tape. You would want the strongest tape you can find that can attach to the surface you wish to attach it to.  This is both a great idea and a horrible idea. Are you planning on LITERALLY duct taping it to the wall or is that a hyperbole for randomly affixing it to the wall?

 COMMENT_BREAK   4 hours ago, TylerD321 said:You would need a lot of surface area to actually duct tape a pc to the wall and not be at risk of it falling. You would also want to cradle the bottom of the pc with duct tape to both have more coverage and better support the tape. You would want the strongest tape you can find that can attach to the surface you wish to attach it to.  This is both a great idea and a horrible idea. Are you planning on LITERALLY duct taping it to the wall or is that a hyperbole for randomly affixing it to the wall?I mean... There's a reason my friends call me MacGyver.

 COMMENT_BREAK   4 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:I mean... There's a reason my friends call me MacGyver.You could always use like 50 command hooks and some paracord lmao

 COMMENT_BREAK   5 hours ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:I don't understand what you mean by "What build could you possibly go with for $5000?" Like, is that low or high? I'm confused...Basically 5k is fuck you money pc wise.  It will get you top of the line stuff. Basically peak hardware, however the value of that falls quick and HARD. As in usually in a year or 2 it's half price due to next gen beating it.  Also you rarely need that hardware unless you are actually running 4k native high fps in games then a i5 + 4090 would be needed to stand a good chance.  So basically. What would be a performance goal (not ultra settings those are made to be bs)?

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, jaslion said:Basically 5k is fuck you money pc wise.  It will get you top of the line stuff. Basically peak hardware, however the value of that falls quick and HARD. As in usually in a year or 2 it's half price due to next gen beating it.  Also you rarely need that hardware unless you are actually running 4k native high fps in games then a i5 + 4090 would be needed to stand a good chance.  Expand  See, the 5k budget was a sort of starting high, I doubted I'd go above that, but I might need it for choosing low-weight hardware. Also, performance-wise, I probably don't even need the newest stuff. I want to be able to run RTX titles, but I don't actually have any specific ones in mind as of right now. The titles that would probably get the most gameplay are Black Mesa, HL2 RTX, Portal Stories: Mel, and Quake. I do game development though, so if I'm developing RTX titles, I'd need the added hardware. I don't have any particularly intensive titles planned as of now, though. Maybe closer to a $3,000 budget?

 COMMENT_BREAK 

 COMMENT_BREAK   43 minutes ago, thrasher_565 said:Expand  I don't want to do a shelf though, it doesn't have that same look to it of "this is the jankiest shit you will ever see"

 COMMENT_BREAK   39 minutes ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:I don't want to do a shelf though, it doesn't have that same look to it of "this is the jankiest shit you will ever see"you might be able to find big l brackets that can be mounted to studs. i think mounting the side pannal to the wall would not be a good idea because its not held on the case vary well normal just 2 thub screws.

 COMMENT_BREAK   35 minutes ago, thrasher_565 said:you might be able to find big l brackets that can be mounted to studs. i think mounting the side pannal to the wall would not be a good idea because its not held on the case vary well normal just 2 thub screws.Oh shit yeah I hadn't even thought about the fact that the side panel isn't really held on. Hmm...

 COMMENT_BREAK   27 minutes ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:Oh shit yeah I hadn't even thought about the fact that the side panel isn't really held on. Hmm...you would now attach it to the case , bottom, top, back.

 COMMENT_BREAK   23 minutes ago, thrasher_565 said:you would now attach it to the case , bottom, top, back.Wait... Doesn't the side that the motherboard rest on have pretty good structure? Why can't I mount it from that side?

 COMMENT_BREAK   21 minutes ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:Wait... Doesn't the side that the motherboard rest on have pretty good structure? Why can't I mount it from that side?posably with some flat screws and washer with like a vasa mount might work or it could just bend it...  https://www.amazon.ca/DOMISL-Brackets-Industrial-Floating-Shelving/dp/B08R76SFTB/ref=sr_1_157?crid=MS3YZM861VK4&keywords=big+shelf+wall+mount+bracket&qid=1695682526&rnid=5264023011&s=hi&sprefix=big+shelf+wall+mount+bracket%2Caps%2C130&sr=1-157

 COMMENT_BREAK   16 minutes ago, thrasher_565 said:posably with some flat screws and washer with like a vasa mount might work or it could just bend it...  https://www.amazon.ca/DOMISL-Brackets-Industrial-Floating-Shelving/dp/B08R76SFTB/ref=sr_1_157?crid=MS3YZM861VK4&keywords=big+shelf+wall+mount+bracket&qid=1695682526&rnid=5264023011&s=hi&sprefix=big+shelf+wall+mount+bracket%2Caps%2C130&sr=1-157If you bolt it near the top I don't think bending would be that big a concern...

 COMMENT_BREAK   15 minutes ago, CaptainQuirk26 said:If you bolt it near the top I don't think bending would be that big a concern...well it would be bottom heavy so hanging it from the top the thing would want to lean.  if you put 2 shelf mounts to the bottom of the top inside that might work and could even do 2 at the bottom on the out side like a shelf

 COMMENT_BREAK   8 minutes ago, thrasher_565 said:well it would be bottom heavy so hanging it from the top the thing would want to lean.  if you put 2 shelf mounts to the bottom of the top inside that might work and could even do 2 at the bottom on the out side like a shelfAnd it would be discreet...You're a fuckin genius. Thanks man.

 COMMENT_BREAK

