Post Content
 I have an extremely unusual situation. After 5 years of a good job, in one day my GTX 1060 6GB started:1. To give me artefacts everywhere(games, apps with 3d graphics, and even apps without 3d graphics like Chrome).2. To crash games with an overclock of RAM.3. To crash all games with overclock of itself, but it worked 5 years with the same overclock very well.4. Massive freezing of all games even without any overclock.5. Downclock of core and VRM either increase freezing dramatically.6. Draw distance was reduced dramatically in all games.All those things happened in one day and they continue since this day. And on the first day, I decided with zero hesitation "Chip delamination happened with my GPU". I tried a lot of different things, I deleted all GPU drivers via DDU in safe mode, I tried a lot of versions of older drivers for my GPU from this summer and even spring, and a lot more. But I had zero success so I became more sure that my GTX 1060 has chip delamination and I bought RTX 4070 and Ryzen 5800X3D as well because my Ryzen 2700X would bottleneck so powerful GPU.After I replaced the CPU and GPU I deleted all drivers from GTX 1060 via DDU in Safe Mode again and installed them new ones for RTX 4070 cleanly. As well I reset the setting of my BIOS and set up it again.When all was on set I started to test my new GPU. And oh God! I got the same frezzes in Assassin's Creed Valhalla. I became extremely frustrated. I tested my new GPU in FurMark and Farming Simulator 2022 and there are freezes too. But in Forza Horizon 5 I have no issues.Please see those screenshots on Imgur, it's important https://imgur.com/a/NxMeqNjI use the latest version of Windows 10, and absolutely all my software and drivers are up to date including games.It's a MYSTERY! I have no idea what causes the freezes.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, SandyBay said:I have an extremely unusual situation. After 5 years of a good job, in one day my GTX 1060 6GB started:1. To give me artefacts everywhere(games, apps with 3d graphics, and even apps without 3d graphics like Chrome).2. To crash games with an overclock of RAM.3. To crash all games with overclock of itself, but it worked 5 years with the same overclock very well.4. Massive freezing of all games even without any overclock.5. Downclock of core and VRM either increase freezing dramatically.6. Draw distance was reduced dramatically in all games.All those things happened in one day and they continue since this day. And on the first day, I decided with zero hesitation "Chip delamination happened with my GPU". I tried a lot of different things, I deleted all GPU drivers via DDU in safe mode, I tried a lot of versions of older drivers for my GPU from this summer and even spring, and a lot more. But I had zero success so I became more sure that my GTX 1060 has chip delamination and I bought RTX 4070 and Ryzen 5800X3D as well because my Ryzen 2700X would bottleneck so powerful GPU.After I replaced the CPU and GPU I deleted all drivers from GTX 1060 via DDU in Safe Mode again and installed them new ones for RTX 4070 cleanly. As well I reset the setting of my BIOS and set up it again.When all was on set I started to test my new GPU. And oh God! I got the same frezzes in Assassin's Creed Valhalla. I became extremely frustrated. I tested my new GPU in FurMark and Farming Simulator 2022 and there are freezes too. But in Forza Horizon 5 I have no issues.Please see those screenshots on Imgur, it's importantI use the latest version of Windows 10, and absolutely all my software and drivers are up to date including games.It's a MYSTERY! I have no idea what causes the freezes.Expand  What about your system RAM, what are you running?

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, DANK_AS_gay said:What about your system RAM, what are you running?HyperX 8 GB + 8 GB 3200 GHz.

 COMMENT_BREAK   7 hours ago, SandyBay said:HyperX 8 GB + 8 GB 3200 GHz.Can you try running your system with one stick at a time to find if one of those is the issue?

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, DANK_AS_gay said:Can you try running your system with one stick at a time to find if one of those is the issue?On an amd system that also induces stuttering so op wont know if it's the old or new issue.  Op full system specs please.  Also if it's been the same windows for 5 years you should consider doing a FULL wipe of the boot drive and going fresh. Likely an issue lies there too.

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, jaslion said:On an amd system that also induces stuttering so op wont know if it's the old or new issue.Memtest then?

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, jaslion said:Also if it's been the same windows for 5 years you should consider doing a FULL wipe of the boot drive and going fresh. Likely an issue lies there too.I format my main SSD and do clean Windows installation every year, last time a few months ago.

 COMMENT_BREAK Latest Bios?  Check your RAM with Memtest86+ or Passmark Memtest86.

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 hours ago, 191x7 said:Latest Bios?Definitely.@jaslion, @DANK_AS_gay, @191x7 Look those pictures. It says my RAM is ok.       

 COMMENT_BREAK   3 hours ago, SandyBay said:Definitely.@jaslion, @DANK_AS_gay, @191x7 Look those pictures. It says my RAM is ok.      Ok. What are we going to do now?Check the monitor cable, try with another?Try with other Windows?

 COMMENT_BREAK   3 hours ago, 191x7 said:What are we going to do now?If I would can answer this question I wouldn't ask help here then.  3 hours ago, 191x7 said:Check the monitor cable, try with another?Monitor cable can cause freezes? Really? Even if PC isn't connected to monitor that isn't a reason for freezes.

 COMMENT_BREAK   3 hours ago, SandyBay said:If I would can answer this question I wouldn't ask help here then.Monitor cable can cause freezes? Really? Even if PC isn't connected to monitor that isn't a reason for freezes.Well, I did ask about the Bios version.  Yes, a DisplayPort cable can give feedback from the monitor to the GPU, you can check that out.  Can you check your storage with something like Hard Disk Sentinel?  Does your CPU pass CPU OCCT and does it run Prime95 without issues for 6+ hours?

 COMMENT_BREAK   3 hours ago, 191x7 said:Well, I did ask about the Bios version.Yes, I understood.  3 hours ago, 191x7 said:Yes, a DisplayPort cable can give feedback from the monitor to the GPU, you can check that out.Now I tried HDMI, but it persists freezing.  3 hours ago, 191x7 said:Can you check your storage with something like Hard Disk Sentinel?Sure. I'll do it in a moment.  3 hours ago, 191x7 said:Does your CPU pass CPU OCCT and does it run Prime95 without issues for 6+ hours?I think my CPU isn't guilt. My system with 2700X and 5800X3D has the same issues.

 COMMENT_BREAK   3 hours ago, 191x7 said:Can you check your storage with something like Hard Disk Sentinel?

 COMMENT_BREAK   3 hours ago, SandyBay said:Yes, I understood.Now I tried HDMI, but it persists freezing.Sure. I'll do it in a moment.I think my CPU isn't guilt. My system with 2700X and 5800X3D has the same issues.I'll ask again about the Bios version.

 COMMENT_BREAK

