Post Content
 Hello!  I've recently changed my pc from a Mid Tower ATX to an ITX build since ill be moving it into the living room when I move in a couple of months. I chose the Hyte Revolt 3 and I've been very happy with it so far. I also used the chance to switch from Intel to AMD.  Here are some system specs for the following questions:  CPU : Ryzen 5 7600GPU : Gigabyte 2080 Super windforce OCMobo : Asus Strix B650E-I Gaming Wifi550 W PSU and the Hyte Revolt 3 caseWindows 11  I have done a bunch of PC builds and fixes before, but this is the first time I'll be trying myself at custom watercooling.Now I have mostly 3 questions.  1. How do I fill the loop in the safest way? 2. Is the pump power enough to cool both CPU and GPU? (Restricted on space so I can't fit a dedicated pump and reservoir.)3. Are there any obvious incompatibilities/ missing pieces in the following list of components?  Be quiet! Silent Wings 4 140mm 2xAlphacool Eisbaer solo 2600rpmAlphacool NexXxoS ST30 Full Copper 280mm Radiator V.2Alphacool Eisblock ES Acetal RTX 2080/2080Ti M02 (2070/80 Super)Alphacool HF 13/10 Fitting G1/4 x6Alphacool EPDM Tube 13/10 - Black 3mAlphacool Thermal pad double-sided 100x100x0,5mm  I know it might be a little overkill to also cool the Ryzen 5 with the same loop since it's running fine with the stock cooler, but I wanted this as a little challenge and learning exercise for a future water-cooled build that's gonna be a little more ambitious, as well as making the system as silent as possible (The 2080 Super gets quite loud...).Thank you very much for any help in advance!                 

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/24/2023 at 3:54 PM, Cornflake said:I have done a bunch of PC builds and fixes before, but this is the first time I'll be trying myself at custom watercooling.Now I have mostly 3 questions.  1. How do I fill the loop in the safest way? 2. Is the pump power enough to cool both CPU and GPU? (Restricted on space so I can't fit a dedicated pump and reservoir.)3. Are there any obvious incompatibilities/ missing pieces in the following list of components?Expand  1. This will take a little patience. I have a Tower 100 build with a Barrow 3in1 and its a real pain to fill. You just need to get as much fluid in the loop as you can then cycle the power to get the pump pushing the liquid through until it goes dry. Rinse and repeat until the loop is full.  Alternatively, and what I ended up doing in my build was to take a pipe from the fill port on the Barrow up-to the highest point in the case and use that as the fill port. I still needed to cycle the pump a million times but it made life a little easier.  You could also try and making your own fill port at some other point in the loop or even better, if the case will fit it, EKWB Quantum Surface S240M. The M stands for modular and as additional fill and drain ports which makes filling and draining a little easier.  2. Yes, it should be. My Barrow has a crappy low power unbranded pump and it manages to push through a cpu block, gpu block and 2 x 120 rads.  3. Have you considered hardline? If this is your first attempt at water cooling then I can understand your decision to try soft tubing 1st but in ITX builds (especially when space is at a premium) I would go rigid tubing. While soft tubing is easier to deal with, it doesn't like to bend and kinks.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 9/26/2023 at 4:27 PM, ChrisLoudon said:1. This will take a little patience. I have a Tower 100 build with a Barrow 3in1 and its a real pain to fill. You just need to get as much fluid in the loop as you can then cycle the power to get the pump pushing the liquid through until it goes dry. Rinse and repeat until the loop is full.  Alternatively, and what I ended up doing in my build was to take a pipe from the fill port on the Barrow up-to the highest point in the case and use that as the fill port. I still needed to cycle the pump a million times but it made life a little easier.Expand  Hi! Thanks a lot for the advice about filling and the pump. As for hard tubing yeah I considered it but id rather stick to soft tube for 2 reasons.  I'm a bit constrained on time right now, and the setup would require a lot of bends, which I'd have to first learn how to do anyways.   The case has a "swivel out" radiator mount, so you can rotate it to access the Mainboard easier. I'd like to keep that feature without having to drain all the liquid.  I will definitely make sure to watch out for sharp bends or kinks though! Good advice. 

 COMMENT_BREAK

