Post Content
 Back story: I found out that my 2 of my 3 siblings and my mother all pay for additional storage of different cloud based services. My mother also has 2(+?) external hard drives (500gb or less) full. I asked, "If I made a server, would they use it?" They had questions but ultimately said yes.  Components: I have been getting things here and there when I couldCPU: i5-6500 (Have)MOBO: ASRock H370m ITX (Don't Have - Open for Suggestions)RAM: 16gb (2x8gb) 3200MHz (Have)GPU: RX 6500XT (Have)[Gross, I know. Bought for a friend for them to game during covid, then found a 2070 for them. Didn't buy for this]OS STORAGE: 512gb M.2 (Have)MASS STORAGE: 4x 8tb 5400rpm Seagate (1 of 4 Have)  The Plan: The ITX board is because I want to build the server inside of an old CRT. I made a 2nd computer for myself inside of a record player to make it interesting and show off a little. The server, on the other hand, I want to make discreet by it being a CRT.  The Questions: So, I would like for them to access this server from home and, if possible, have different accounts or something to make everything A) separate and B) private. I'm new to the server aspect of things, and I have no idea what software there is for a server. Any help and/or suggestions would be greatly greatly appreciated!

 COMMENT_BREAK My quick thought on it:H370M motherboard chipset didn't support 6 and 7th gen CPU, I suggest to search compatible motherboard for it, if size is not constraint, you can defenitly grab dirt cheap Z170 board with tons of built-in I/O and PCIe expansion.You make a DIY case? just remember to make those HDD mount properly, also make sure all component, including the HDD got proper coolingGPU side, you didn't need it, built in Intel HD GPU on i5-6500 is good enough for most video codec transcoding if you want to install plex or emby/jellyfin server in it, but if you need more codec like 4K 10 bit HEVC video codec, you can either buy newer 7th gen CPU or newer low power dGPUIs your family is will be using this NAS extensively AKA using high amount of bandwidth? if yes, definitely consider buying 2.5GBe network card for it.512GB boot drive is overkill, you can use cheap (but reliable) 128GB boot drive for the OS, talking about the OS:You can run just bare TrueNAS core or Proxmox in it if you want extensive features, or OpenMediaVault (OMV) if you want ease of use with less features.For user account etc, is depend of the software you use for interfacing to it, lets say you just use NFS or Bare Samba, you can create multiple user with their own file/folder privilege attached, even their separate pool if you want. but for simplicity sake, I recommend you to learn more about NextCloud and similar more media-focused program like PhotoPrism to run inside the NAS instead of just running plain Samba/NFS server on it (since its more user friendly).If you have any further question, please let me know 

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, fbplayer54 said:Back story: I found out that my 2 of my 3 siblings and my mother all pay for additional storage of different cloud based services. My mother also has 2(+?) external hard drives (500gb or less) full. I asked, "If I made a server, would they use it?" They had questions but ultimately said yes.  Components: I have been getting things here and there when I couldCPU: i5-6500 (Have)ASRock H370m ITX (Don't Have - Open for Suggestions)Expand  Get a motherboard and PSU and install Windows 10/11.  Done.  6500XT is more than enough for a server.  No need to call it gross or make excuses, we don't give a shit.  Lots here would kill for it, so change your mindset.  Throw on Dropbox.  Stupidly easy solution to file sharing across devices, PC, work, etc etc.

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, TimedPing said:My quick thought on it:H370M motherboard chipset didn't support 6 and 7th gen CPU, I suggest to search compatible motherboard for it, if size is not constraint, you can defenitly grab dirt cheap Z170 board with tons of built-in I/O and PCIe expansion.You make a DIY case? just remember to make those HDD mount properly, also make sure all component, including the HDD got proper coolingExpand  Thank you for pointing out the Z370 issue! Would have 100% bought that board. I found a Z270 ITX for about the same price.  Cooling wise I haven't gotten the CRT yet. I was planning on drilling holes in the bottom and having a couple fans blow inside and one at the top blowing out, as well as 3D printing taller feet for more airflow. All very space dependent. I'm also going to probably get a specific holder for the drives. I've thought of it before and am most likely going to put it on the bottom to reduce as much vibration as possible.  The server will just be a media and file storage system. They shouldn't be running anything off of it.  They 512gb I got bundled with the MOBO I bought for my 2nd pc (I believe). I just have it already and figured I'd put it to use.  Thank you for all of the advice with the software! I really appreciate it!

 COMMENT_BREAK

