Post Content
 Back in March Luke, Jake, and myself all switched over to AMD to test our resolve after renouncing the 40 series. So are we sticking with AMD, or did we go crawling back to Nvidia?  Buy a PowerColor Red Devil AMD Radeon RX 7900 XTX Graphics Card: https://geni.us/mDl4bq8Buy a Seasonic Prime TX-1000 80+ Titanium PSU: https://geni.us/w5pR4Buy an XFX Speedster MERC310 AMD Radeon RX 7900XT Graphics Card: https://geni.us/muzK78Buy a Seasonic Prime TX-850 80+ Titanium PSU: https://geni.us/B5CJz1Buy a PowerColor Red Devil AMD Radeon RX 6950 XT Graphics Card: https://geni.us/gC3cd0Buy a Seasonic Focus GX-850 80+ Gold PSU: https://geni.us/JUGwV9Buy an XFX Speedster SWFT309 AMD Radeon RX 6700 XT Graphics Card: https://geni.us/yiueRBuy a Seasonic Focus GX-750 80+ Gold PSU: https://geni.us/O6TaaPurchases made through some store links may provide some compensation to Linus Media Group.   

 COMMENT_BREAK Does anyone know why Linus is using speakers from like 2011 (seems like he's using corsair sp 2500). I mean they're not bad, but I thought Linus would use something ultra high-tech stuff, you know? (You can see them at 2:45 in the video)

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, Cave_Johnson82 said:Does anyone know why Linus is using speakers from like 2011 (seems like he's using corsair sp 2500). I mean they're not bad, but I thought Linus would use something ultra high-tech stuff, you know? (You can see them at 2:45 in the video)He likes them?  I mean when I asked him, he had a mouthful of beer so I couldn't really tell what he was saying.  That's code for "how the hell would we know?!"

 COMMENT_BREAK I've been using mine since May, and I haven't actually encountered any of these problems. The only problem is related to the league, when you press alt + tab, it can restart. So, a great card, IMHO

 COMMENT_BREAK FWIW, my last AMD card (5600XT) was weird, with POST failures and unrecoverable driver hangs, but the 6600 that XFX replaced it with (shoutout to XFX's three-year warrantee (at the time)) has been very stable ever since. Heck, my HD6870 was also great back in the day (which is to say, not that long ago as I was definitely running Win10 on it).  I guess I don't play enough games to really experience any of the same issues, but these three people (Linus, Jake, and Luke) are like the three worst data-points in any experiment ever...

 COMMENT_BREAK If you are using DDU make sure you use safemode, because files are in use may not be cleaned up without safe mode, without using safe mode you create more problems you solve.AMD cleanup utility is quick easy it reboots into safe mode and cleans drivers easily, problem is tho it does not clean Nvidia drivers if you just switched.  WhatsApp desktop issues if what if had as well especially during video calls, mine where solved since 23.2.1 i guess they where using older drivers from before 23.2.1 , a temp fix for that was also disabling MPO however MPO is designed to reduce idle power consumption not just for GPU but also CPU and reduce latency.  Power consumption on my 7900 XTX its about 50-60w usually idle with AMD noise supression on if handled by cpu, if handled by GPU its about 100w tbp idle.  Windows Driver Updates also loves to corrupt AMD drivers highly recommend you disable it, unplugging internet before installing drivers does not help Microsoft will simply install them when you least expect it even while playing a game which results in blackscreen and driver corruption.  Heck in 2022 since 22.5.2 if had 8+ months driver issues till i had enough and just switched to Arch Linux suddenly i could game again and do video calls using signal, was not until 23.2.1 that drivers where finally use able again, i considered switched NVIDIA again getting a RTX 4090 then saw melting 12+4 pin issue popup a lot and got reminder that if had driver issue like 2+ years with NVIDIA that they refused to fix in world of warcraft, which is still an issue today which now exist 5+ years almost, not to mention all issues if had with gsync not working in some games or not working properly at all and causing instability when using fullscreen borderless.  So i upgraded from reference 6900 XT to a liquid devil 7900 XTX instead no regrets other then the insane pumpout issues with thermal paste which i fixed with PTM7950 about 58 days ago and shows no sign of degradation.I do not have many issues anymore these days or at all, but im not gaming that much anymore.I did have issue with Sons of the forest that the devs fixed them self rather then to rely on AMD to fix it cos they usually ignore it for like 1 and half year like with Valheim.  I hope LTT reads my feedback maybe do a part 3 in future maybe revisit see if experience changed, eitherway i think video is an eye opener for AMD hopefully, i would let them take the time to go thru it and make improvements i am sure they will.Next year when there is driver level fluid motion via HYPR-RX is probably good time to check if experiences changed.  Also did twitch not also add AV1 support finally or was this limited test ?

 COMMENT_BREAK The mention of memory issues reminds me that I probably should have not bought RAM that explicitly wasn't included as RAM compatible for my motherboard as all the issues happened after swapping the RAM from a supported stick to one that isn't officialy listed as supported.

 COMMENT_BREAK I've had very similar problems as Luke with a 6800 XT that I bought earlier this year. Constant stuttering and the YouTube issue he mentioned. Really wishing I could return it, I've tried everything to fix it. A few months ago I just stuck my years old rtx 2060 in my brand new PC and everything works fine. Very disappointed that they are still recommending getting these cards despite all of the issues they've had with little upside over Nvidia (other than cost).

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, Cave_Johnson82 said:Does anyone know why Linus is using speakers from like 2011 (seems like he's using corsair sp 2500). I mean they're not bad, but I thought Linus would use something ultra high-tech stuff, you know? (You can see them at 2:45 in the video)You answered your own question!  

 COMMENT_BREAK

