Post Content
 For the last few months I've been having some serious stability issues with my system. I have absolutely no idea what's causing it, and I have no other hardware to swap out for this system to check it.Here's My Specs:CPU: R9 3950xRAM: 3200mhz Corsair LPX DDR4 4x32GB (128 Total)MB: Asus ROG VIII Hero (Wifi) X570GPU: MSI 2080 TiSSD: Corsair MP600 2TB NVMeCooler: Asus Ryujn 360 WatercoolerOS: Windows 11All firmware is up to date, BIOS is the latest, I jumped from a 2020 BIOS to a 2023 BIOS and the issue persists.The issue:Everything would be totally fine, no gaming, nothing. I would just be doing idle tasks, switching tabs on a browser, or typing. Every time it happens it's totally random.Computer would freeze up, screen would still be displayed and sometimes music would still be playing. RGB on keyboard would turn off and I won't be able to do anything. I can't power off using the power button (Can't hold to kill)The only way to turn the system off is to pull the plug or switch the PSU off.Since this has happened a few time, I usually keep task manager open on my 3rd display so when it freezes I can see what the issue is. And there is absolutely nothing significant about the stats when it crashes. I even have Ryzen Master open so I can monitor temps for the CPU.CPU and GPU Temps would be about 37cCPU Utilization would be about 7%GPU usually on 0-2%Ram would be about 9% utilized.But just recently when this happened, I noticed something.The CPU will be at about 4.0-4.3Ghz and then within a couple of seconds it would go from 4.3Ghz to 2.3gz and then 0.53gz. And it will stay at about 500mhz forever.If I restart the computer it doesn't really fix it, I have to power off the computer for it to fix.Which leads me to another weird occurrence.When I restart the computer, sometimes it will turn off and then power back up.Other times it will stay powered on and restart (The difference between all lights turning off or staying on during the restart process)If I'm booting from cold, it sometimes powers up for a second, then turns off and then powers up again and boots normally.Other times it will instantly power-up and boot (without turning off again for a second)This is absolutely driving me nuts beyond belief.I have done 6 passes of memtest and that was totally fine.I have done furmark for about 30 minutes, no problemI did a CPU stress test and that was fine too.No heating issues, everything is cool.All drivers and firmware is up to date. I have tried reinstalling windows (Using the reset method)I would do a total reinstall if I can somehow determine that it's software related.Windows Event Viewer tells me absolutely nothing other than the last shutdown was unexpected. So it's not logging anything during the freeze.What am I missing here?I'm suspecting that it might be the motherboard because I can't use the power button to kill the PC.This doesn't always happen though, sometimes I'll get a BSOD, Sometimes the screen will go black. And sometimes everything will freeze while the CPU is still at normal clock.The 0.5Ghz issue is something I recently noticed, but I can't say it's the causes of my freezing, because the system is still responsive when the CPU get's locked at 500mhz.I have found others who have the 0.5ghz CPU issue and I've tried all the methods to try and fix it. (Ryzen Power Plan, Disable/Enable DOCP) I used Ryzen Master to try different CPU clock profiles.I have always run the CPU at stock, so it's been at 4+ Ghz for the last few weeks. Previously to this it was running at 3.5.This PC needs Jesus...   

 COMMENT_BREAK Someone else might do something else, but first thing I would do is set BIOS back to default settings. Try again to see anything odd like a trojin/virus is running with Task Manager. If the problems continue then I try reinstalling Windows on a new drive.  If nothing is resolved then I start assuming hardware problems. Not everyone has extra a motherboard and processor. It could be the motherboard as you mentioned, but the symptoms also sounds like it could be the processor. That's from my experience from overclocking my 2700x. I hope you get it fixed.     

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 10/7/2023 at 7:26 AM, alyen said:Someone else might do something else, but first thing I would do is set BIOS back to default settings. Try again to see anything odd like a trojin/virus is running with Task Manager. If the problems continue then I try reinstalling Windows on a new drive.^^^Bad bios settings or bad windows install can be an issue    On 10/7/2023 at 7:26 AM, alyen said:but the symptoms also sounds like it could be the processorCpu is never the cause, if it was then the system wouldnt be posting and itd be stuck at postcode 00 aka dead doesnt attempt to post at all, its usually always either the board or the rams being stupid and here it looks like its problably just the board    Personally id just go into the tweaker menu, lock all core ratio to 45 (4.5g allcore), set vcore to 1.3v, set llc to off or whatevers the lowest value/level with the most vdroop

 COMMENT_BREAK If it helps, this is what Ryzen Master shows when the CPU gets clocked at 500mhz.As you can see, the CPU is at 30c and the speed is at 535mhz...

 COMMENT_BREAK Go to C:\Windows\Minidump and check if you have any minidump files. If you do, go back to the Windows folder and copy the Minidump folder itself to the Downloads folder (You can use the desktop if you don't have OneDrive syncing files). Zip the copied folder and attach it to a post. Please follow the instructions to the letter as Windows doesn't like you messing with files in this location.

 COMMENT_BREAK   On 10/8/2023 at 8:31 AM, Bjoolz said:Go to C:\Windows\Minidump and check if you have any minidump files. If you do, go back to the Windows folder and copy the Minidump folder itself to the Downloads folder (You can use the desktop if you don't have OneDrive syncing files). Zip the copied folder and attach it to a post. Please follow the instructions to the letter as Windows doesn't like you messing with files in this location.There is only one dump which was from the BSOD a few days ago.This is the one where everything froze and Music was still playing, keyboard lights were still on but nothing would respond. Even pressing pause or next on the keyboard wouldn't do anything.There was no BSOD until about a minute after the incident and that's when everything crashed and the BSOD came up with the Watchdog violation which was expected.I don't think this is the problem though.The dump leads to nvlddmkm.sys which is related to NVIDIA.But if you find something else interesting in the dump, let me know.On another note, I'm trialing something that may or may not have fixed the problem.I thought about what could've changed between the point where I had stability and when shit started crashing, and it lead me to an update that I had from iCUE.It updated to v5.6 and it seems like ever since then I have been having this issue.I decided to rollback iCUE to v4.33 and it seems that so far, the 500mhz thing has stopped, and also my RGB Strip seems to be working smoothly again.I thought there was a problem with the commander pro or 3/4 strips. because 3 of the strips would just freeze in place while the 4th one would be totally normal.After I rolled back  iCUE it resolved that problem and I haven't had a 500mhz moment since.but the computer did freeze up again yesterday and I decided to reset my bios to default settings, where it crashed again after that.I then did an auto OC in the bios which it overclocked the CPU to 3.8. Which is less than what Ryzen Master did.So maybe it was something to do with the speed at which the CPU was running, maybe not enough volts or something, because the temps were absolutely fine.I'll see how this goes and if I can go like a week without crashing then I'll report back with the solution.4-10-23-dump.txtFetching info...

 COMMENT_BREAK   15 hours ago, CY8ORG said:There is only one dump which was from the BSOD a few days ago.This is the one where everything froze and Music was still playing, keyboard lights were still on but nothing would respond. Even pressing pause or next on the keyboard wouldn't do anything.There was no BSOD until about a minute after the incident and that's when everything crashed and the BSOD came up with the Watchdog violation which was expected.I don't think this is the problem though.The dump leads to nvlddmkm.sys which is related to NVIDIA.But if you find something else interesting in the dump, let me know.On another note, I'm trialing something that may or may not have fixed the problem.I thought about what could've changed between the point where I had stability and when shit started crashing, and it lead me to an update that I had from iCUE.It updated to v5.6 and it seems like ever since then I have been having this issue.I decided to rollback iCUE to v4.33 and it seems that so far, the 500mhz thing has stopped, and also my RGB Strip seems to be working smoothly again.I thought there was a problem with the commander pro or 3/4 strips. because 3 of the strips would just freeze in place while the 4th one would be totally normal.After I rolled back  iCUE it resolved that problem and I haven't had a 500mhz moment since.but the computer did freeze up again yesterday and I decided to reset my bios to default settings, where it crashed again after that.I then did an auto OC in the bios which it overclocked the CPU to 3.8. Which is less than what Ryzen Master did.So maybe it was something to do with the speed at which the CPU was running, maybe not enough volts or something, because the temps were absolutely fine.I'll see how this goes and if I can go like a week without crashing then I'll report back with the solution.Expand  Please provide the dump file. This is a cumulative DPC crash which means that no driver exceeded their allotment, but all the drivers combined did. It's still one driver at fault, but it's really hard for the OS to know which driver it was so you need to check all the active DPCs. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   14 hours ago, Bjoolz said:Please provide the dump file. This is a cumulative DPC crash which means that no driver exceeded their allotment, but all the drivers combined did. It's still one driver at fault, but it's really hard for the OS to know which driver it was so you need to check all the active DPCs.   4-10-23-dump.zipFetching info...

 COMMENT_BREAK   14 hours ago, CY8ORG said:  4-10-23-dump.zip 749.43 kB · 0 downloadsThe Nvidia driver was the only driver with pending DPCs at the time of the crash so that doesn't leave much room for anything else. I would run DDU and then install a fresh GPU driver to see if that fixes it. And if you have more dump files, please provide all the ones you have. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   12 hours ago, Bjoolz said:The Nvidia driver was the only driver with pending DPCs at the time of the crash so that doesn't leave much room for anything else. I would run DDU and then install a fresh GPU driver to see if that fixes it. And if you have more dump files, please provide all the ones you have. Thanks.As I mentioned, I really don't think the Nvidia Drivers have anything to do with the problem. The drivers failed as a result of the system hanging.The computer froze for a totally irrelevant reason.I will let it run as it is currently and see if anything happens. If it occurs again I'll use DDU to reinstall the drivers.So far it's been running better than it has in the last 6 months. So if it stays this stable, then the issue was iCUE.Never would I imagine that iCUE could cause so much destruction, but it seems it has. 

 COMMENT_BREAK   12 hours ago, CY8ORG said:Never would I imagine that iCUE could cause so much destruction, but it seems it has.Did you have other dump files you didn't post? iCUE is fairly well known for corrupting memory (RGB Fusion as well, they might use the same .dll files and one of those might be badly coded). Those crashes usually don't look like the one I saw here though. 

 COMMENT_BREAK

