Post Content
 I wanna go and find some decent static pressure fans to modify some stock coolers both intel and amd (basically a fan upgrade) though im having abit of trouble determining which are airflow fans and which are static pressure fans cause there are so many blade shapes  This is the kind of fan i have laying around atm, i suspect they arent static pressure cause they dont push that much air through a 775 copper core, and also just by looking at its blade shape, i do have one strapped on to a china 92mm 4 heatpipe tower but it flows pretty well even when not running full blast at 3.4k rpm and keeps the x5650 at 4.2ghz under it pretty cool for what it is (doesnt throttle with p95 smallest ffts hitting around 93c which is not bad since thats a worst case scenario)    these although the lower one is a high rpm fan do look like static pressure fans atleast judging by blade shape so i just wanna confirm as i can buy the lower one for like 1$    Now onto the part where i get completely confused  This is a different high rpm foxconn than what i currently have and the blade tips are kinda extended, what the heck does that do? And the blades themselves are abit thicker, so what the hell does this fan excel at?    And then theres this thing that looks to have somewhat thick blades but pitch is pretty high so im also confused as to what this fan excels at    I just need some advice regarding how to visually tell if a fan excels at airflow, static pressure, or maybe even a mix of both. Not gonna buy expensive new fans when there are cheap old server fans around  the coolers im gonna be putting these on will be like 1-2$ intel 775 copper cores and maybe the thin version of that beefy am3+ cooler (the one with the small red fan and a heatpipe with an aluminium base) so a new fan is out of the question when i can simply buy a used tower or a new 120mm tower for 13$. At most ill look into those beefy predecessors to the wraith coolers (2 heatpipes, copper base) and maybe even s478 copper cores if theyre any good

 COMMENT_BREAK That Nidec at the bottom is sweet, I would probably do the Foxconn above it as well..  You want airflow and static pressure. Cant have one without the other.. Airflow orientated fans are a bit sucky imo.

 COMMENT_BREAK   12 hours ago, freeagent said:You want airflow and static pressure. Cant have one without the other.. Airflow orientated fans are a bit sucky imo.Makes sense, but i guess if i want static pressure ill want thicker blades and prefferably a thicker fan    12 hours ago, freeagent said:That Nidec at the bottom is sweet, I would probably do the Foxconn above it as well..Im curious as to the characteristics of those two fans compared to that avc since the avc has thicker blades and will problabaly have better static pressure  I think ill just start digging through fan model numbers cause ofc the first thing i notice when i wanna sift through fans is just decipher the model number and what those letters and number stand for  DESA0938B2M9 = 9cm38 = thickness so 38mm  Blades are thick and the fan itself is also thick which is prefferable, though shipping might be a pain with such a thick fan so ill have to devise a mounting solution for these, i think loose zipties will do fine as long as theyre long enough  ill look for other cheap brands and decipher the model numbers too, delta or sanace tend to be stupid pricey so probs not them unless i find a good deal, similar thing to rams where instead of cherry picking ics i can cherry pick the type of fan blades or whatever the fan is optimized for alongside diameter and thickness, i guess having the ability to decode model numbers is pretty damn helpful

 COMMENT_BREAK I love 38mm fans. I have 6 or 8 kicking around. I have some iPPC 3Ks, I few T30s.. all of them good. Those Nocs are easily the loudest in my collection.  Actually.. a little 92x35mm is the loudest I have. 4000RPM of knuckle blending power. It makes me nervous..

 COMMENT_BREAK   11 hours ago, freeagent said:I love 38mm fans. I have 6 or 8 kicking around. I have some iPPC 3Ks, I few T30s.. all of them good. Those Nocs are easily the loudest in my collection.  Actually.. a little 92x35mm is the loudest I have. 4000RPM of knuckle blending power. It makes me nervous..Im guessing that the static pressure from those thick fans is pretty insane, i mean i have a 35-40mm 12cm 12v 1.3a server fan that runs at like 3.8k and it screams, not to mention easily being able to push air through a stack of fins (i suspect even at lower speeds too)  As much as lower profile fans would be convenient for shipping, if theyre gonna perform like shit then why bother even swapping the fan esp on an intel cooler  Id prefer fans that are 30mm and above simply due to the fact that they just move more air + more static pressure  ill look around for any 32-40mm options available for cheap, thick = less rpm needed to achieve same cooling perf = quieter

 COMMENT_BREAK Fans with wide gaps and narrow blades pitched sharply from from to back are AF. Narrow gaps with wide blades, a gentle pitch and scooping are SP. Hybrids are confusing.   Too many blades will negatively impact both AF and SP. Thicker tends to be better but there's a point of diminishing returns. The same is true of RPM vs your PC - sometimes stronger fans create so much turbulence than there are hot pockets. No, not the kind you can eat.  

 COMMENT_BREAK

