Post Content
 Hi there,  So i had this weird thing happening to me when I was pluging in my DP cable into my GPU.  For context, the PSU was plugged in but turned off and the monitor was also plugged in and turned on.  When I was searching for the DP port on my GPU, I happened to have one finger touching the metal part on the DP cable and another one on the other hand, the back of my case.I felt a not so nice electric shock. More than static as it was continuous.  Also, that wouldn't happen when touching the white metal on the case (NZXT H510i for context).  Why would this happen? Is it normal?

 COMMENT_BREAK There's a chance that your case isn't properly grounded. Do you know if the port you're plugging into is connected to ground? Lazy wiring often ends up with some or all ports in a house being ungrounded. If this is the case, find a way to ground your case immediately - wire it up to some metal you know connects to ground.  Edit - actually, I should have first asked where you are - what kind of electrical outlet are you using?

 COMMENT_BREAK   2 hours ago, JimTheBeet said:There's a chance that your case isn't properly grounded. Do you know if the port you're plugging into is connected to ground? Lazy wiring often ends up with some or all ports in a house being ungrounded. If this is the case, find a way to ground your case immediately - wire it up to some metal you know connects to ground.  Edit - actually, I should have first asked where you are - what kind of electrical outlet are you using?Expand  I'm in Romania, Europe. Grounding wouldn't be an issue as the house is grounded of course and both the PSU and the case use schuko plugs (maybe the fact that they're both plugged on an extender, but the extender itself is also grounded).  It came into my mind right now that my mobo is installed without the standoffs as I forgot about them when I assembled the computer. Maybe this is the issue?

 COMMENT_BREAK   2 hours ago, mrpulpe said:I'm in Romania, Europe. Grounding wouldn't be an issue as the house is grounded of course and both the PSU and the case use schuko plugs (maybe the fact that they're both plugged on an extender, but the extender itself is also grounded).  It came into my mind right now that my mobo is installed without the standoffs as I forgot about them when I assembled the computer. Maybe this is the issue?Did your case come with standoffs built in? If not, there's a solid chance some of the electrical components on the back of your motherboard are making contact with the case. This could maybe explain the charge being dumped into the case, but more likely it would have just fried your motherboard. If your motherboard survived, a latent charge from when the PC was turned on passing through it into the case might be enough to charge the case and create the shock you felt - but if your PC was properly grounded, this should've been dumped straight into the ground anyways.  I don't feel comfortable recommending experimentation with something like this - talk to someone who knows more electrodynamics than I do - but if the motherboard has no standoffs and is contacting the case, this is something that would need to be solved quickly if you want to save your hardware.

 COMMENT_BREAK If you aren't absolutely certain that the outlet is grounded (as I said, it may well have been miss-wired), you should check with a multimeter.

 COMMENT_BREAK   2 hours ago, JimTheBeet said:Did your case come with standoffs built in? If not, there's a solid chance some of the electrical components on the back of your motherboard are making contact with the case. This could maybe explain the charge being dumped into the case, but more likely it would have just fried your motherboard. If your motherboard survived, a latent charge from when the PC was turned on passing through it into the case might be enough to charge the case and create the shock you felt - but if your PC was properly grounded, this should've been dumped straight into the ground anyways.Expand  For my case, the standoffs are separated, I have them and now I'm going to mount them. In any case (no pun intended), by now the components should have at least misbehaved but they're okay. Better safe than sorry though. I'll speak to an electrician because there is a chance that there is some lazy wiring done around here. Damn, when I moved in there was a plug which had neutral and ground switched up...I mean, everything is possible taking this into account.  Thanks a lot for your answers!

 COMMENT_BREAK   2 hours ago, mrpulpe said:I'm in Romania, Europe. Grounding wouldn't be an issue as the house is grounded of course and both the PSU and the case use schuko plugs (maybe the fact that they're both plugged on an extender, but the extender itself is also grounded).  It came into my mind right now that my mobo is installed without the standoffs as I forgot about them when I assembled the computer. Maybe this is the issue?The motherboard grounds via the small pads around the screw holes. There's obviously more grounds from other connections, but this is one of them.    So, if you didn't install the standoffs in your case, then that's likely your issue. How is your motherboard in your case properly without standoffs?

 COMMENT_BREAK   1 hour ago, Agall said:The motherboard grounds via the small pads around the screw holes. There's obviously more grounds from other connections, but this is one of them.  Expand  Just took my PC apart and it seems that there are standoffs already mounted on the case for all 6 screws that my mobo has. For some reason I thought I hadn't installed those.  It really strucks me that I cannot find out where this current comes from, everything seems fine with the case, although I have this anti-sag bracket from LianLi (gb-002) which goes on top of two mobo screw holes, but I can't see how this would pose an issue.

 COMMENT_BREAK   53 minutes ago, mrpulpe said:Just took my PC apart and it seems that there are standoffs already mounted on the case for all 6 screws that my mobo has. For some reason I thought I hadn't installed those.  It really strucks me that I cannot find out where this current comes from, everything seems fine with the case, although I have this anti-sag bracket from LianLi (gb-002) which goes on top of two mobo screw holes, but I can't see how this would pose an issue.Expand  Is this repeatable as well or was this a one time thing? If it was a one time thing, it was probably just static electricity. If you can repeatedly get shocked, then there's a problem (without rubbing your socks on the carpet before hand, obviously).

 COMMENT_BREAK   47 minutes ago, Agall said:Is this repeatable as well or was this a one time thing? If it was a one time thing, it was probably just static electricity. If you can repeatedly get shocked, then there's a problem (without rubbing your socks on the carpet before hand, obviously).Unfortunately it is repeteable. I plugged my computer back in and without wanting to the same thing happened again. It's that kind of current that you get when you put a 9V battery on your tongue, if that makes sense lol.

 COMMENT_BREAK   6 minutes ago, mrpulpe said:Unfortunately it is repeteable. I plugged my computer back in and without wanting to the same thing happened again. It's that kind of current that you get when you put a 9V battery on your tongue, if that makes sense lol.It does, I've been shocked numerous times in various ways myself.  I'd recommend removing front USB/3.5mm headers to see if either of those are causing the issue. If you can comfortably perform a repeatable test, you can likely narrow down the issue if it's possible to isolate. Could end up simply being a bad USB front panel cable or such that's grounding to the case.

 COMMENT_BREAK

